1	Written by	 Alexa Junge Transcribed by
2	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's
3	Host	 Welcome everybody, welcome to Amazing Discoveries!
4	Phoebe	 Oh, oh! It's on again!
5	Joey	 You guys, can we please not watch this all right.
6	All	 Shhhh!
7	Host	 Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk, (Joey is in the background struggling to open a cartoon of milk) and these darn cartons are so flingin'-flangin' hard to open.
8	Joey	 (on tv) Oh, you said it Mike. (rips open the carton and spills milk on the counter) Aw! There's got to be a better way!
9	Mike	 And there is Kevin.
10	Joey	 Can we please turn this off?
11	Rachel	 Noo way, Kevin.
12	Mike	 There is a revolutionary new product that guarantees that you'll never have to open up milk cartons again. Meet the Milk Master 2000.
13	Ross	 (to Chandler) Are you intrigued?
14	Chandler	 You're flingin'-flangin' right I am!
15	Mike	 Keep in mind, he's never used this product before, you're gonna see how easy this is to do. (to Kevin) Go ahead. ('Kevin' starts using the product, it is a spout that you jab into a paper milk carton so that you don't have to rip it open.) This works with any milk carton.
16	Joey	 (on TV, finishing installing the Milk Master 2000) Wow, it is easy. (starts to poor the milk) Now, I can have milk everyday.
17		(They all start laughing at him)
18		Opening Credits
19	[Scene	 Central Perk, Chandler, Monica, Janice are sitting on the couch, and Phoebe is sitting next to them in the chair.]
20	Chandler	 Well, it's official there are no good movies.
21	Janice	 Well, let's go to a bad one and make out. (they start to kiss and lean back into Monica.)
22	Monica	 Perhaps, you would like me to turn like this, (turns sideways on the couch) so that you can bunny bump against my back.
23	Joey	 (entering) Hey!
24	Phoebe	 Hey.
25	Chandler	 Hey, man. What's up?
26	Joey	 Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition I didn't know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?!
27	Chandler	 Well, I'll tell ya I do enjoy guilt, but, ah, it wasn't me.
28	Phoebe	 Yes, it was! It was him! Uh huh! (they all stare at her) Okay, it was me!
29	Joey	 How is it you?
30	Phoebe	 Well, it was just, it was all so crazy, you know. I mean, Chandler was in the closet, counting to 10, and he was up to 7 and I hadn't found a place to hide yet. I-I-I meant to tell you, and I wrote it all down on my hand. See, all of it. (shows him her hand)
31	Joey	 Yep, that's my audition.
32	Monica	 See, now this is why I keep notepads everywhere.
33	Phoebe	 Yep, and that's why we don't invite you to play.
34	Janice	 What is the great tragedy here? You go get yourself another appointment.
35	Joey	 Well, Estelle tried, you know. The casting director told her that I missed my chance.
36	Phoebe	 That is unfair. I'll call her and tell her it was totally my fault.
37	Joey	 Pheebs, you can't do that. The casting director doesn't talk to friends, she only talks to agents.
38	Phoebe	 What a sad little life she must lead. Okay, ooh (starts dialing).
39	Joey	 What, what are you doing? What are you doing?
40	Phoebe	 No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh. (on the phone in a different voice) 'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann there for Phoebe, she'll know what it's about.'
41	Joey	 Hang up, hang up. (reaches with his good arm, but Phoebe grabs it and he tries to reach the phone with his other arm but can't because of the sling.)
42	Phoebe	 (on phone) 'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did you speak to in my office? Estelle, no, I don't know what I'm going to do with her. No. All right, so your husband leaves and burns down the apartment, the world does not stop.'
43	Chandler	 Is anybody else scared?
44	Phoebe	 (on phone) 'Right, well look, um, if Joey loses this audition, that is it for Estelle. I don't care! Annie you are a doll, what time can you see him?' (to Monica) I need a pen. (Chandler hands her one, but she needs something to right on, so she tilts Chandler's head over and writes on the back of his neck)
45	Chandler	 Get the woman a pad! Get the woman a pad! A pad! A pad!
46	Monica	 Oh, now you want a pad.
47	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, Carol and Susan are dropping off Ben]
48	Carol and Susan	 (entering) Hey!!
49	Ross	 There's my boy! Here's my boy! And here's his Barbi (Ben is holding a Barbi doll) What's ah, what's my boy doing with a Barbi?
50	Carol	 He picked it out of the toy store himself, he loves it.
51	Susan	 He carries it everywhere, it's like a security blanket, but with ski boots and a kicky beret.
52	Ross	 Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again?
53	Susan	 So he's got a doll? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business.
54	Carol	 This doesn't have anything to do with the fact that he is being raised by two women, does it?
55	Ross	 You know what it's fine. If you're okay with the Barbi thing, so am I.
56		(cut to later in the day)
57	Ross	 Give daddy the Barbi! Ben, give, give me the Barbi. Okay, how 'bout, don't you want to play with the monster truck? (makes a monster truck sound) No. Okay, oh, oh, how about a Dino-soilder? (squawks like a dinosaur)
58	Rachel	 Ross, you are so pathetic. Why can't your son just play with his doll? (uses the Milk Master 2000 to pour milk into her cereal)
59	Monica	 (entering from her bedroom) I gotta go to work. Has anybody seen my left boob?
60	Joey	 I love that movie. (Joey is using it as a pillow)
61	Monica	 There it is. Joey, what are you doing?
62	Joey	 I'm sorry, it just felt nice.
63	Chandler	 (entering with his ringing phone) Joe. Joe! Answer the phone.
64	Joey	 Hey, I only got one good arm, you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater.
65	Chandler	 Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. (phone stops ringing) Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight.
66	Rachel	 What's the big deal? Why don't you wanna see Janice?
67	Chandler	 Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and took my tomatoes.
68	Ross	 And that's bad because..., you hate chicken piccata?
69	Chandler	 Noo.
70	Ross	 You didn't want to share your tomatoes, tomatoes are very important to you.
71	Chandler	 No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head
72	Rachel	 Men are unbelievable.
73	Monica	 What is it with you people! I mean, the minute you start to feel something, you have to run away?
74	Chandler	 I know, that, (looks at her fake chest, and loses his train of thought, temporarily) that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid.
75	Monica	 Oh, you mean like that guy thing where you act mean and distant until you get us to break up with you.
76	Joey	 Hey, you know about that?!
77	Chandler	 Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna go through the tunnel, to the other side!
78		(Joey looks quizzically at Ross)
79	Ross	 (to Joey) Where there is no fear of commitment.
80	Chandler	 Do we have any...(turns around and bumps Monica's fake chest) Do we have any thoughts here?
81	Joey	 Well, I've never been through the tunnel myself, 'cause as I understand it, you're not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car, right. But, it seems to me it's pretty much like anything else, you know, face your fear. It have a fear of heights, you go to the top of the building! If you're afraid of bugs.....get a bug. Right. In this case, you have a fear of commitment, so I say you go in there and be the most committed guy there ever was.
82	Rachel	 Amazingly, that makes sense.
83	Chandler	 You think?
84	Joey	 Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind!
85	Chandler	 Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way.
86	[Scene	 Central Perk, Phoebe's beeper is going off]
87	Phoebe	 Oh, it's your audition from this morning. Can I use the phone again?
88	Rachel	 Sure Pheebs, you know, that's what it's there for, emergencies and pretend agents.
89	Joey	 Come on baby, come on!
90	Phoebe	 (on phone, in 'Katelynn's' voice) 'Hi, I have Phoebe Buffay returning a page. Okay, well, um, she's in her car I'll have to patch you through.'
91	Rachel	 Very nice touch.
92	Phoebe	 (in voice, on phone) 'Okay, go ahead.' (in normal voice on phone) Um, hi Annie. (listens) Fantastic! (to Joey) You got it. (on phone) Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' you ask me. Well, I don't know about that, (Joey clears his throat to signify yes) except that I do and he will. Great, oh you are such a sweetheart. I would love to have lunch with you, how about we have lunch next....(hangs up phone) Op, went through a tunnel.
93	Rachel	 Unbelievable.
94	Joey	 Thank you so much.
95	Phoebe	 It was really fun, I mean I've never talked on a car phone before.
96	Joey	 You were amazing, could you just do me this huge favor, you see there's this one other audition that I really, really want, and Estelle couldn't get me in.
97	Phoebe	 Oh, I don't know. I mean it was fun one time.
98	Joey	 Come on, please, it'll be just this one more, well actually it's two.
99	Phoebe	 Two?
100	Joey	 Yeah! Well, well really it's three. Please. You're so good at it. I love you.
101	Phoebe	 Okay, I'll do it, but just these three, right
102	Joey	 Nooo, four.
103	[Scene	 Chandler and Joey's, Chandler and Janice are having dinner]
104	Janice	 So, how come you wanted to eat in tonight?
105	Chandler	 'Cause, I wanted to uh, give you this. (hands her a present)
106	Janice	 Ohhh, are you a puppy! (opens it) Contact paper! I never really know what to say when someone you're sleeping with gives you contact paper.
107	Chandler	 Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. (gives her a drawer) See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser.
108	Janice	 Oh, you didn't have to do this.
109	Chandler	 Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get.
110	Janice	 Well, I gotta buy a vowel. Because, oh my Gawd! Who, would've thought that someday, Chandler Bing would buy me a drawer.
111	Chandler	 Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip.
112	Janice	 We should?
113	Chandler	 Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!
114	Janice	 (laughs) I don't think we need to, because you're tripping me out right now! Are you okay?
115	Chandler	 I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay.
116	Janice	 You probably want us to move in together?
117	Chandler	 It doesn't scare me!
118	Janice	 Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me over here for pasta, and all of the sudden you're talking about moving in together. And, and I wasn't even that hungry. You know what, it's getting a little late, and I-I should just, um...(starts to leave)
119	Chandler	 Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! (Janice leaves, Chandler then calls Janice to leave a message on her machine) Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street. (runs out the door)
120		Commercial Break
121	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are comforting Chandler]
122	Rachel	 Honey, this will help. (hands him a tub of ice cream)
123	Chandler	 So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow down.
124	Rachel and Monica	 Uff.
125	Monica	 That is never good.
126	Chandler	 Then I got all needy and clingy.
127	Rachel	 Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Maybe it's not so bad. How did you leave it?
128	Chandler	 She said she'd call me.
129	Rachel and Monica	 Ohh! (both grab there stomachs in pain)
130	Chandler	 Oh God.
131	Monica	 Welcome to our side of the tunnel.
132	Chandler	 This ice cream tastes like crap by the way.
133	Rachel	 Yeah, well that's that lo-cal, non dairy, soy milk junk. We sort of, we save the real stuff for those really terminal cases.
134	Monica	 You know, when you start get screwed over all the time, you gotta switch to low-fat.
135	Rachel	 Yeah, you do.
136	Chandler	 So, you don't think I'm terminal?
137	Monica	 Well, no, not at all, you're not terminal, you just, you just need some damage control.
138	Chandler	 Okay, okay. So, should I call her?
139	Rachel and Monica	 Nooo!
140	Rachel	 This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go shoe shopping, you get your butt in a bubble bath. You want her back you have to start acting aloof.
141	Monica	 She has to know that your not ready.
142	Rachel	 Right. So, what you have to do is, you have to accidentally run into her on purpose. And then act aloof.
143	Chandler	 So I'm not, not gonna lose her?
144	Rachel	 Oooh, honey, you're not a total loser.
145	Chandler	 I said, 'So I'm not gonna lose her?'
146	Rachel	 Oh.
147	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, Ross is still trying to get Ben to play with something other than the Barbi doll.]
148	Ross	 Guess who's here. It's the toughest guy in toy land, Ben. (singing) 'A real American hero. I'm G.I. Joe!' Drop the Barbi, drop the Barbi.
149	Rachel	 G.I. Joe? Do you really think he's gonna fall for that?
150	Joey	 (entering) G. I. Joe! Cool! Can I play?
151	Ross	 Look Ben, it's a toy that protects U.S. oil interests overseas!
152	Joey and Ross	 Go Joe!!!
153	Phoebe	 (entering) Helloo! Oh! (sees Joey and starts to leave)
154	Joey	 Pheebs! There you are!
155	Phoebe	 No it's not, sorry.
156	Joey	 But Phoebe, wait! Wait! Phoebe. Phoebe! (catches her in the hallway)
157	Phoebe	 Oh, Joey! Oh, okay, see I didn't recognize you wearing, in those....pants.
158	Joey	 Look listen, that TV movie I went in for? Did you hear anything? I think I got a shot at it.
159	Phoebe	 Yes! They called and you didn't get it! Okay, I mean you didn't get it, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
160	Joey	 It's okay, these things happen.
161	Phoebe	 But they shouldn't happen, you know what, you're, you're in a terrible, terrible business. Oh God, I don't wanna be the person who makes your face look like that.
162	Joey	 I'm, I'm okay. See. (tries to smile, but fails horribly)
163	Phoebe	 Oh, now you're sad and creepy, oh. You know what, I, I'm sorry I quit, okay, I just quit.
164	Joey	 No! No, no you can't quit! You're the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs, rejection is part being an actor, you can't take it personally.
165	Phoebe	 Not personal, really, well they said that they never met an Italian actor with a worse Italian accent.
166	Joey	 They actually said that?
167	Phoebe	 Yeah. Ooh God, there's that face again! See I can't do this job! I...
168	Joey	 No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. (in a very bad Italian accent) I canna work on a new accent.
169	Phoebe	 Yeah okay, no if it helps you okay. Yeah.
170	Ross	 (running into the hall, in slow motion) You'll never get me, Joe!!! (he then pretends that he gets shot repeatedly and falls back against Joey and Chandler's door, dead.)
171	[Scene	 A grocery store that Janice shops in. Chandler is on purpose, accidentally bumping into her.]
172	Janice	 (to butcher) No, thank you. (Chandler makes a sound and she notices him) Chandler!
173	Chandler	 (in a British accent) Hello, Janice.
174	Janice	 What are you doing here?
175	Chandler	 (in accent) Oh, just a bit of shopping. How've you been?
176	Janice	 Are you being British?!
177	Chandler	 (normal voice) No. Not anymore.
178	Janice	 Why are you shopping here? You don't live in this neighborhood. Were you here waiting for me?
179	Chandler	 Yeah, huh. I'm just uh, you know I'm just picking up some things for a party. (grabs a bag off of the shelf)
180	Janice	 Barley? What kind of party serves barley?
181	Chandler	 Well, I'm sorry if my friends aren't as sophisticated as yours.
182	Janice	 Where is this party?
183	Chandler	 Here in Chelsea.
184	Janice	 Who's party is it?
185	Chandler	 A woman's
186	Janice	 What woman?!
187	Chandler	 (shyly) Chelsea.
188	Janice	 Okay, you know, one of two things is happening here. Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, which would make you the biggest jerk on the planet. Or, else you're pretending that you're seeing somebody, which just makes you so pathetic that I could start crying right here in the cereal aisle. So like which of these two guys do you want to be? (another guy walks by)
189	Chandler	 Can I be that guy?
190	[Scene	 Central Perk, Joey and Phoebe are there]
191	Phoebe	 Okay, so we got some more good rejections, lots of stuff to work on.
192	Joey	 Okay, shoot.
193	Phoebe	 Okay, um, oh, the zoo commercial.
194	Joey	 I didn't get it?
195	Phoebe	 No. They said you 'Weren't believable as a human being.' So, you can work on that.
196	Joey	 Okay, what else?
197	Phoebe	 Um, the off-Broadway play people said 'You were pretty but dumb.'
198	Joey	 Oh.
199	Phoebe	 Oh no wait, I'm sorry, that's 'pretty dumb.'
200	Joey	 Look, it's okay, no, no, no, really, look um, I really appreciate this Pheebs, but I think I'm gonna have to go back to Estelle.
201	Phoebe	 Oh.
202	Joey	 Yeah, well don't get me wrong, you're a better agent than she is, but at least with her I don't want to blow my pretty dumb brains out.
203	Phoebe	 Yeah, no, I understand.
204	Joey	 You do, thanks.
205	Phoebe	 Yeah. Sorry. (she starts to leave)
206	Joey	 Wait a minute.
207	Phoebe	 What?
208	Joey	 Wait a minute, did you just make up all that stuff just to get out of being my agent.
209	Phoebe	 (in a coy tone) Oh, you caught me. I am so busted.
210	Joey	 (in a really, really bad Italian accent) That's-ah what I suspected-ah.
211	[Scene	 Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is laying on the counter and Rachel and Monica are comforting him again.]
212	Chandler	 ....And then I just, you know, threw the bag of barley at her, and ran out of the store.
213	Monica	 My God! Chandler, we said be 'aloof' not 'a doof'.
214	Chandler	 I've actually ruined this haven't I? It's time for the good ice cream now, right?
215	Rachel	 Yeah, it is.
216	Monica	 You know what, everything's gonna be okay.
217		(phone rings)
218	Chandler	 (answering phone) Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. (to Monica and Rachel) Okay, what do I do?
219	Rachel	 Shhh...I don't know what to do, this is totally unprecedented.
220	Monica	 If-if-if we ever did what you did a man would never call.
221	Rachel	 Yeah.
222	Chandler	 Hello!
223	Monica	 Oh wait, you know what, I got it, I got it, pretend like you just woke up, okay, that will throw her off. Be sleepy.
224	Rachel	 Yes, and grumpy.
225	Chandler	 What are you, stop naming dwarves! (on phone) Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. (listens) Really?! (listens) Really?!
226	Rachel	 He's soo lucky, if Janice were a guy, she'd be sleeping with somebody else by now.
227	Chandler	 (on phone) I love you too.
228	Monica	 Aw, it's soo unfair. (they both start digging into the 'good' ice cream)
229	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, Carol and Susan are picking up Ben, while Monica is pouring chocolate syrup, lots of it, into her ice cream.]
230	Carol	 G. I. Joe. G. I. Joe?!
231	Ross	 Hey, I don't know what to tell you guys that's the doll he chose.
232	Susan	 What'd you do, dip it in sugar?
233	Ross	 Look, G. I. Joe's in, Barbi's out. And if you guys can't deal with it, that's your 'too bad.'
234	Monica	 What are you being such a weenie for? So he has a Barbi, big deal. You used to dress up like a woman.
235	Ross	 What?
236	Monica	 Well, you used to dress up in Mom's clothes all the time.
237	Ross	 What are you talking about?
238	Monica	 The big hat, the pearls, the little pick handbag.
239	Ross	 Okay, you are totally making this up.
240	Monica	 How can you not remember? You made us call you...Bea.
241	Ross	 (remembering) Oh God.
242	Susan	 I've literally never been this happy.
243	Monica	 Wasn't there a little song?
244	Carol	 Oh please God, let there be a song.
245	Ross	 There was no song. (to Monica) There was no song!
246	Monica	 (singing) 'I am Bea.'
247	Ross	 Okay.
248	Monica	 'I drink tea.'
249	Ross	 Okay, that's, that's enough. (retreats to the bathroom)
250	Monica	 '....Won't you, won't you, won't you.... '
251	Ross	 (coming out of the bathroom) Won't you dance around with me.
252	Monica	 A-ha!!! (they all start laughing, as Ross hides in the bathroom)
253		Closing Credits
254	[Scene	 It's an old home movie of the Geller's backyard, young Ross is dressed up as Bea, and pouring himself/herself some tea.]
255	Young Ross	 (singing) 'I am Bea. I drink tea. Won't you dance around with....' (spills some tea and it drips onto his/her dress) Ohhh! (runs away crying)
256	Young Monica	 (entering the shot) Ross!!! (starts to wipe up the spill)
257		End
