1	Written by	 Michael Curtis and Gregory S. Malins Transcribed by
2	[Scene	 Central Perk, Chandler and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]
3	Chandler	 (reading the comics) Eh..., I don’t, I don’t know.
4	Rachel	 What?
5	Chandler	 Well, as old as he is in dog years, do you think Snoopy should still be allowed to fly this thing?
6	Gunther	 Rachel?
7	Rachel	 Yeah.
8	Gunther	 Do you remember when you first came here, how you spent two weeks getting trained by another waitress?
9	Rachel	 Oh, sure! Do you need me to train somebody new?
10	Gunther	 (laughs) Good one. Actually, ah, Terry wants you to take the training again, whenever.
11	Rachel	 (to Chandler) Eh, do you believe that?
12	Chandler	 (thinks about it) Yeah?
13		Opening Credits
14	[Scene	 The hallway of Ross’s building, there is a Brown Bird girl selling cookies, as Ross and Chandler come up the stairs.]
15	Sarah	 So that’s two boxes of the Holiday Macaroons. On behalf of the Brown Birds of America, I salute you. (Does the Brown Bird salute, she blows on a bird call, then holds her hand, palm facing out, next to her face, and then waves it like a bird flapping it’s wings.)
16	Ross	 Just admit it Chandler, you have no backhand.
17	Chandler	 Excuse me little one, I have a very solid backhand.
18	Ross	 Shielding your face and shrieking like a girl... is not a backhand.
19	Chandler	 I was shrieking... like a Marine.
20		(they both start up the stairs.)
21	Ross	 All right here. Watch me execute the three ‘P’s of championship play. Power. (swings the racquet) Precision. (swings the racquet.) and penache. (does a backswing and hits Sarah who’s started up the stairs, knocking her down, they both watch in horror.)
22	[Scene	 Central Perk, the gang’s all there discussing the incident.]
23	Monica	 You broke a little girl’s leg?!!
24	Ross	 I know. I feel horrible. Okay.
25	Chandler	 (reading the paper) Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night. (to Ross) Where exactly were around ten-ish?
26	Ross	 Well, I’m gonna go see her. I want to bring her something, what do you think she’ll like?
27	Monica	 Maybe a Hello Kitty doll, the ability to walk...
28		(Rachel starts to laugh, and Ross notices her.)
29	Rachel	 I’m gonna get back to retraining. (gets up)
30	Ross	 All right, see you guys. (starts to leave)
31	Chandler	 Look out kids, he’s coming! (Ross continues to leave with his head down in shame.)
32	Joey	 And I gotta go sell some Christmas trees.
33	Phoebe	 Have fun. Oh wait, no, don’t! I forgot I am totally against that now.
34	Joey	 What? Me having a job?
35	Phoebe	 No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights. (to Joey) Hey, how do you sleep at night?
36	Joey	 Well, I’m pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees, their fulfilling their life purpose, by, by making people happy.
37	Phoebe	 Really?
38		(Phoebe turns and looks at Monica, while Joey frantically motions to Chandler to help him out.)
39	Chandler	 Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it’s the only chance to see New York.
40		[cut to Gunther retraining Rachel.]
41	Gunther	 ...and after you’ve delivered the drinks, you take the empty tray....
42	Rachel	 Gunther, Gunther, please, I’ve worked here for two and a half years, I know the empty trays go over there. (points to the counter.)
43	Gunther	 What if you put them here. (sets the empty tray on another stack of empty trays on the back counter.)
44	Rachel	 Huh. Well, y'know that’s actually a really good idea, because that way they’ll be closer to the mugs. Y'know what, you should have the other waitresses do that too.
45	Gunther	 They already do. That’s why they call it the ‘tray spot.’
46	Rachel	 Gee, I always heard them talk about that, I just always thought that it was a club they went to. Oh God, I’m, I’m sorry. (walks away)
47	Gunther	 It’s all right. Sweetheart.
48	[Scene	 Sarah’s bedroom, her room is decorated with a space motif.]
49	Ross	 So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off school, and you, you ah, don’t have to sell those cookies anymore.
50	Sarah	 Well, I kinda wanted to sell the cookies. The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Spacecamp, and gets to sit in a real space shuttle.
51	Ross	 Wow, you ah, you really like all this space stuff, huh?
52	Sarah	 Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about outer space, he’d be able to afford a trip to the Taj Mahal.
53	Ross	 I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.
54	Sarah	 No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the slots. He says he’s gonna double the college money my Grandma left me.
55	Ross	 Huh. Well, good luck to Dad. Say, how many more boxes would you have to sell in order to win?
56	Sarah	 The girl who won last year sold four hundred and seventy-five.
57	Ross	 Yeah.
58	Sarah	 So far, I’ve sold seventy-five.
59	Ross	 Four hundred, huh? Well, that sounds do-able. (starts to get out his wallet) How much are the boxes?
60	Sarah	 Five dollars a box.
61	Ross	 (puts away his wallet) And what is second prize?
62	Sarah	 A ten speed bike. But, I’d rather have something my Dad couldn’t sell.
63	Ross	 Well, that makes sense.
64	Sarah	 Could you do me one favor, if it’s not too much trouble?
65	Ross	 Yeah, Sarah, anything.
66	Sarah	 Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the news, and since we don’t have a TV, the lady across the alley said she’d push hers up to a window, so I could watch it.
67	[Scene	 A hallway, Ross is selling Brown Bird cookies for Sarah, he stops and knocks on a door.]
68	Woman	 (looking through her peephole, we see Ross standing in the hallway.) Yesss?
69	Ross	 Hi, I’m selling Brown Bird cookies.
70	Woman	 You’re no Brown Bird, I can see you through my peephole.
71	Ross	 No, hi, I’m, I’m an honorary Brown Bird (does the Brown Bird salute.)
72	Woman	 What does that mean?
73	Ross	 Ah, well, it means that I can sell cookies, but I’m not invited to sleep-overs.
74	Woman	 I can dial 9-1-1 at the touch of a button, y'know. Now, go away!
75	Ross	 No, please, please, um, it’s for a poor little girl who wants to go to Spacecamp more than anything in the world.
76	Woman	 I’m pressing, a policeman is on his way.
77	Ross	 Okay, okay! I’m going. I’m going. (goes across the hall to knock on another door.)
78	Woman	 I can still see you!
79	Ross	 All right!!
80	[Scene	 Joey’s work, selling Christmas trees.]
81	Phoebe	 (walking up to Joey) Hey.
82	Joey	 Hey. What, what are you doing here?
83	Phoebe	 Well, I-I thought a lot about what you said, and um, I realilized duh, all right maybe I was a little judgmental. Yeah, (looks at the tree) oh, but oh...
84	Joey	 Look now, Phoebe remember, hey, their just fulfilling their Christmas....
85	Phoebe	 Destiny.
86	Joey	 Sure.
87	Phoebe	 Yes.
88	Joey	 All right.
89	Phoebe	 Okay. (One of Joey’s co-workers, walks by with a dead tree.) Yikes! That one doesn’t look very fulfilled.
90	Joey	 Oh, that’s, that’s ah, one of the old ones, he’s just taking it to the back.
91	Phoebe	 You keep the old ones in the back, that is so ageist.
92	Joey	 Well we have to make room for the fresh ones.
93	Phoebe	 So, what happens to the old guys?
94	Joey	 Well, they go into the chipper.
95	Phoebe	 Why, do I have a feeling that’s not as happy as it sounds? (Joey points out one going into the chipper to her, as this haunty, demonic music starts to play in the background) No! Nooooo!!! (she winces in horror and hides her face against Joey’s shoulder, as she sees the tree spit out from the chipper.)
96	Joey	 (to the guy operating the chipper) Hey! Hey!! (makes the ‘cut it’ motion with his hands)
97	[Scene	 Central Perk, all except Phoebe are there, Ross is telling the gang, minus Rachel who’s still being retrained, about the different cookie options.]
98	Ross	 ...and these come in the shapes of your favourite Christmas characters, Santa, Rudolph, and Baby Jesus.
99	Joey	 All right, I’ll take a box of the cream filled Jesus’s.
100	Ross	 Wait a minute, one box! Come on, I’m trying to send a little girl to Spacecamp, I’m putting you down for five boxes. Chandler, what about you?
101	Chandler	 Ahh, do you have any coconut flavoured deities?
102	Ross	 No, but ah, there’s coconut in the Hanukkah Menoreoes. I tell you what, I’ll put you down for eight boxes, one for each night.
103		(Chandler mouths ‘Okay.’)
104	Ross	 Mon?
105	Monica	 All right, I’ll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that’s it. I-I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds. (to Ross) Remember, how Dad bought all my boxes and I ate them all?
106	Ross	 Ah, no Mon, Dad had to buy everyone of your boxes because you ate them all. But ah, y'know I’m sure that’s not gonna happen this time, why don’t I put you down for three of the mint treasures and just a couple of the Rudolph’s.
107	Monica	 No.
108	Ross	 Oh, come on, now you know you want ‘em.
109	Monica	 Don’t, don’t, don’t, don’t, don’t do this.
110	Ross	 I’ll tell you what Mon, I’ll give you the first box for free.
111	Monica	 (she reaches out for it and stops) Oh God! I gotta go! (runs out)
112	Ross	 Come on! All the cool kids are eating ‘em! (chases after her.)
113		[cut to Gunther retraining Rachel.]
114	Gunther	 And when you have a second later, I wanna show you why we don’t just trap spiders under coffee mugs and leave them there.
115	Rachel	 (sitting down next to Chandler) I’m training to be better at a job that I hate, my life officially sucks.
116	Joey	 Look Rach, wasn’t this supposed to a temporary thing? I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff?
117	Rachel	 Well, yeah! I’m still pursuing that.
118	Chandler	 How... exactly are you pursuing that? Y'know other than sending out resumes like what, two years ago?
119	Rachel	 Well, I’m also sending out.... good thoughts.
120	Joey	 If you ask me, as long as you got this job, you’ve got nothing pushing you to get another one. You need the fear.
121	Rachel	 The fear?
122	Chandler	 He’s right, if you quit this job, you then have motivation to go after a job you really want.
123	Rachel	 Well then how come you’re still at a job that you hate, I mean why don’t you quit and get ‘the fear’?
124		(Chandler and Joey both laugh)
125	Chandler	 Because, I’m too afraid.
126	Rachel	 I don’t know, I mean I would give anything to work for a designer, y'know, or a buyer.... Oh, I just don’t want to be 30 and still work here.
127	Chandler	 Yeah, that’d be much worse than being 28, and still working here.
128	Gunther	 Rachel?
129	Rachel	 Yeah.
130	Gunther	 Remind me to review with you which pot is decaf and which is regular.
131	Rachel	 Can’t I just look at the handles on them?
132	Gunther	 You would think.
133	Rachel	 Okay, fine. Gunther, y'know what, I am a terrible waitress, do you know why I’m a terrible waitress? Because, I don’t care. I don’t care. I don’t care which pot is regular and which pot is decaf, I don’t care where the tray spot is, I just don’t care, this is not what I want to do. So I don’t think I should do it anymore. I’m gonna give you my weeks notice.
134	Gunther	 What?!
135	Rachel	 Gunther, I quit.
136	Chandler	 (to Joey) Does this mean we’re gonna have to start paying for coffee? (Joey shrugs his shoulders.)
137		Commercial Break
138	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is entering numbers on a calculator as Ross reads off how much he’s sold.]
139	Ross	 ....and 12, 22, 18, four... (Chandler starts laughing) What?
140	Chandler	 I spelled out boobies.
141	Monica	 (comes up and starts looking through Ross’s cookie supply) Ross, but me down for another box of the mint treasures, okay. Where, where are the mint treasures?
142	Ross	 Ah, we’re out. I sold them all.
143	Monica	 What?
144	Ross	 Monica, I’m cutting you off.
145	Monica	 No. No, just, just, just a couple more boxes. It-it-it’s no big deal, all right, I’m-I’m cool. You gotta help me out with a couple more boxes!
146	Ross	 Mon, look at yourself. You have cookie on your neck.
147	Monica	 (covers her neck) Oh God! (runs to the bathroom)
148	Chandler	 So, how many have you sold so far?
149	Ross	 Check this out. Five hundred and seventeen boxes!
150	Chandler	 Oh my God, how did you do that?
151	Ross	 Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as ‘Laser Floyd’ was letting out of the planetarium, without even trying I sold 50 boxes! That’s when it occurred to me, the key to my success, ‘the munchies.’ So I ah, started hitting the NYU dorms around midnight. I am selling cookies by the case. They call me
152	Rachel	 (entering) Okay, stop what you’re doing, I need envelope stuffers, I need stamp lickers.....
153	Ross	 Well hey, who did these resumes for ya?
154	Chandler	 Me! On my computer.
155	Ross	 Well you sure used a large font.
156	Chandler	 Eh, yeah, well ah, waitress at a coffee shop and cheer squad co-captain only took up so much room.
157	Rachel	 Hey-hey-hey that’s funny! Your funny Chandler! Your a funny guy! You wanna know what else is really funny?!
158	Chandler	 Something else I might have said?
159	Rachel	 I don’t know, I don’t know, weren’t you the guy that told me to quit my job when I had absolutely nothing else to do. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!!
160	Ross	 Sweetie, calm down, it’s gonna be okay.
161	Rachel	 No, it’s not gonna be okay Ross, tomorrow is my last day, and I don’t have a lead. Okay, y'know what, I’m just gonna, I’m just gonna call Gunther and I’m gonna tell him, I’m not quitting.
162	Chandler	 You-you-you don’t wanna give into the fear.
163	Rachel	 You and your stupid fear. I hate your fear. I would like to take you and your fear....
164	Joey	 (entering, interrupting Rachel) Hey! I got great news!
165	Chandler	 Run, Joey! Run for your life! (runs out)
166	Joey	 What? Rachel, listen, have you ever heard of Fortunata Fashions?
167	Rachel	 No.
168	Joey	 Well my old man is doing a plumbing job down there and he heard they have an opening. So, you want me to see if I can get you an interview?
169	Rachel	 Oh my God! Yes, I would love that, oh, that is soo sweet, Joey.
170	Joey	 Not a problem.
171	Rachel	 Thanks.
172	Joey	 And now for the great news.
173	Ross	 What, that wasn’t the great news?
174	Joey	 Only if you think it’s better than this... (holds up an aerosol can) snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon, you want me to decorate the window, give it a kind of Christmas lookie.
175	Monica	 Christmas cookie?
176	[Scene	 Joey work, Joey is showing a guy a tree.]
177	Joey	 Okay, and ah, this one here is a Douglas Fir, now it’s a little more money, but you get a nicer smell.
178	Guy	 Looks good. I’ll take it.
179	Phoebe	 (running up carrying a tree) Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! No, no, you don’t want that one. No, you can have this cool brown one. (points to the almost dead tree she has)
180	Guy	 It’s-it’s-it’s almost dead!
181	Phoebe	 Okay but that’s why you have to buy it, so it can fulfil it’s Christmas destiny, otherwise there gonna throw it into the chipper. Tell him, Joey
182	Joey	 Yeah, the ah, trees that don’t fulfil their Christmas destiny are thrown in the chipper.
183	Guy	 I-I think I’m gonna look around a little bit more.
184	Joey	 Pheebs, you gotta stop this, I working on commission here.
185	Monica	 (entering) Hey, guys. I’m here to pick out my Christmas tree.
186	Phoebe	 Well look no further, (shows her the dead one) this one’s yours! Ahhh.
187	Monica	 Is this the one that I threw out last year?
188	Phoebe	 All right y'know what, nevermind! Everyone wants to have a green one! I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to get so emotional, I guess it’s just the holidays, it’s hard.
189	Monica	 Oh honey, is that ‘cause your Mom died around Christmas?
190	Phoebe	 Oh, I wasn’t even thinking about that.
191	Monica	 Oh. (turns and looks at Joey, who gives a ‘way-to-go’ thumbs up and smile.)
192	[Scene	 A Brown Bird meeting, Ross is there with the other Brown Birds to see who won the contest.]
193	Ross	 (to the girl sitting next to him) Hi there. How many, how many ah, did you sell?
194	Girl	 I’m not gonna tell you! You’re the bad man who broke Sarah’s leg.
195	Ross	 Hey now! That was an accident, okay.
196	Girl	 You’re a big scrud.
197	Ross	 What’s a scrud?
198	Girl	 Why don’t you look in the mirror, scrud.
199	Ross	 I don’t have too. I can just look at you.
200	Leader	 All right girls, and man. Let’s see your final tallies. (all the girls raise their hands) Ohhhh, Debbie, (looks at her form) 321 boxes of cookies, (to Debbie) Very nice.
201	Ross	 (to himself) Not nice enough.
202	Leader	 Charla, 278. Sorry, dear, but still good.
203	Ross	 (to himself) Good for a scrud.
204	Leader	 Oh, yes Elizabeth. Ah, 871.
205	Ross	 That’s crap!! Sister Brown Bird. (to Elizabeth) Good going. (does the salute)
206	Leader	 Who’s next? (goes over and stands behind Ross, who’s feverishly writing on his form, and clears her throat to get his attention.)
207	Ross	 Hi there!
208	Leader	 Hi. And batting for Sarah, Ross Geller, 872. Although, it looks like you bought an awful lot of cookies yourself.
209	Ross	 Um, that is because my doctor says that I have a very serious.... nuget.... diffency.
210	[Scene	 Central Perk, Chandler, Phoebe, and Ross are there.]
211	Chandler	 Tell us what happened, Brown Bird Ross.
212	Ross	 Well, I lost. Some little girl loaned her uniform to her nineteen year old sister, who went down to the U.S.S. Nimitz, and sold over 2,000 boxes.
213	Chandler	 (to Rachel, who’s entering) Hey! How’d the interview go?
214	Rachel	 Oh, I blew it. I wouldn’t of even hired me.
215	Ross	 Oh, come here sweetie, listen, you’re gonna go on like a thousand interviews before you get a job. (she glares at him) That’s not how that was supposed to come out.
216	Phoebe	 This is the worst Christmas ever.
217	Chandler	 Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.
218	Rachel	 I can’t! It’s too late! Terry already hired that girl over there. (points to her) Look at her, she’s even got waitress experience. Last night she was teaching everybody how to make napkin.... (starts to cry) swans.
219	Ross	 That word was swans.
220	[Scene	 The hallway between the two apartments, Chandler, Phoebe, Ross, and Rachel are coming up the stairs.]
221	Chandler	 Well seeing that drunk Santa wet himself, really perked up my Christmas.
222		(They start to go into Monica and Rachel’s, their apartment is filled with all of the old Christmas trees from Joey’s work.)
223	Phoebe	 Oh! Oh my God!
224	Joey and Monica	 (jumping up from behind the couch) Merry Christmas!!
225	Phoebe	 You saved them! You guys! Oh God, you’re the best!
226	Chandler	 It’s like ‘Night of the Living Dead Christmas Trees.’
227		(phone rings)
228	Rachel	 (answering the phone) Hello? (listens) Yeah, this is she. (listens) Oh! You’re kidding! You’re kidding! (listens) Oh thank you! I love you!
229	Chandler	 Sure, everybody loves a kidder.
230	Rachel	 (hanging up the phone) I got the job!
231	All	 That’s great! Hey! Excellent!
232	Phoebe	 Oh, God bless us, everyone.
233	[Scene	 Central Perk, Rachel is serving her last cup of coffee.]
234	Rachel	 Here we go. I’m serving my last cup of coffee. (the gang starts humming the graduation theme) There you go. (hands it to Chandler) Enjoy. (they all cheer)
235	Chandler	 (to Ross) Should I tell her I ordered tea?
236	Ross	 No.
237	Rachel	 Um, excuse me, everyone. Ah, this is my last night working here, and I ah, just wanted say that I made some really good friends working here, and ah, it’s just time to move on. (at the counter Gunther starts to cry and runs into the back room) Ah, and no offence to everybody who ah, still works here, you have no idea how good it feels to say that as of this moment I will never have to make coffee again.
238	[Scene	 Rachel’s new job, Rachel’s boss is telling her what to do.]
239	Rachel’s Boss	 Now Mr. Kaplan Sr. likes his coffee strong, so your gonna use two bags instead of one, see. Now pay attention, ‘cause this part’s tricky, see some people use filters just once.
240		Closing Credits
241	[Scene	 The hallway between the apartments, Ross is bringing Sarah to Joey and Chandler’s.]
242	Ross	 I’m, I’m sorry you didn’t get to go to Spacecamp, and I’m hoping that maybe somehow, this may make up for it. Presenting Sarah Tuttle’s Private Very Special Spacecamp!! (opens the door and Chandler and Joey jump up, their apartment is decorated like outer space, one of the leather chairs is covered in tinfoil.)
243	Sarah	 Really Mr. Geller, you don’t have to do this.
244	Ross	 Oh come on! Here we go! (picks her up and puts her in the chair) Stand by for mission countdown!
245	Joey	 (simulating an echo) Ten, ten.., nine, nine, nine...., eight, eight, eight... (Chandler hits him in the back of the head) Okay, Blast off!
246		(They start shaking the chair likes it’s flying into outer space. Ross picks up a soccer ball and starts spinning it in his hand and runs around the chair beeping like a satellite. Chandler also starts running around the chair and saying...)
247	Chandler	 I’m an alien. I’m an alien.
248	Ross	 Oh no! An asteroid! (throws the soccer ball off the back of Joey’s head.)
249		(The camera zooms in on Sarah and she has a big smile on her face.)
250		End
