1	Written by	 Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen Transcribed by
2	[Scene	 Central Perk, everyone is there as Rachel enters, happily.]
3	Rachel	 Good, you guys are all here!
4	Ross	 Hey! What's up?
5	Rachel	 Well, I have a job interview at Ralph Lauren tomorrow!
6	All	 Congratulations! Ohh, that's great!
7	Rachel	 I know!
8	Joey	 Boy, that guy's underwear sucks!
9	Rachel	 Wh-what?!
10	Joey	 I got this pair marked excess, I gotta tell ya, there was no room for excess anything in there.
11	Rachel	 Anyway, I'm going to be the coordinator of the woman's collection, I'll work right under the director, it's the perfect, perfect job for me!
12	Phoebe	 Wow! Well, if you nail the interview, you'll get it!
13	Rachel	 Yeah.
14	Phoebe	 You wanna work on your interview skills?
15	Rachel	 O-okay!
16	Phoebe	 Okay! All right, let's start with the handshake. Hi.
17	Rachel	 Hi.
18		(They shake hands.)
19	Phoebe	 Very good handshake, good wrist action.
20	Monica	 Let me try. (Gets up to join them.)
21	Phoebe	 Okay. (They shake hands and she pulls away suddenly) Oh my God! What did I ever do to you?! (Rubbing her hand.)
22	Monica	 Did I squeeze it too hard?
23	Phoebe	 Let's just say, I'm glad I'm not Chandler.
24		(Chandler tries to comprehend that remark.)
25		Opening Credits
26	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, Joey is standing at the window waving at Ross.]
27	Joey	 That's right Ross, I can see you in your new apartment! And you can see me! Same as yesterday, (To Monica) same as the day before.
28	Monica	 Is he doing his shark attack bit yet?
29	Joey	 Nope. Op, wait! There he goes.
30		(We see Ross through the window and he acts like a swimmer that gets attacked by a shark, picture one of the many, many, many Jaws movies they made and you get the idea.)
31	Joey	 (waving) Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay. (Notices that a woman is waving back.) Oh no-no-no, I wasn't waving at you lady. (She just stares at him.) (Joey sees how beautiful she is.) Whoa, maybe I was! Hey, Monica, this totally hot girl in Ross's building is flirting with me.
32	Monica	 Get in there man! Flirt back, mix it up!
33	Joey	 Yeah, I-I-I'm down with that. (He turns back to the woman.) Okay, here goes. (Thinks.) How (Holds up his hand like an Indian) you (Points at her) a-doin'? (Does a little twisting motion with both hands and ends up pointing at her, he then winks. She smiles and waves again.) (To Monica) It worked! She's waving me over. (Towards the woman.) Okay, I-I-I'll be right over. Let's see, she's on the third floor…
34	Monica	 (joining him) Wow! She is pretty, huh?
35	Joey	 Tell me about it, huh? (Realizes that she can see Monica.) Oh no-no-no, I'm not with her, she's just Monica! (He pantomimes that out.) Ewwuck! (He pushes Monica away and makes a disgusted face.)
36	[Scene	 Ross's Building, Joey is trying to find the hot girl's apartment. So he's walking up the hallway counting doors. He comes to what he thinks is the right one and knocks on it. Ross opens the door, it's his apartment.]
37	Ross	 Hey Joey! Great stuff huh?
38	Joey	 This is your place?
39	Ross	 Of course it is. Yeah, come on in. Ooh-ooh, go by the window you can pretend to be surfing. (He pretends he's surfing by the window.)
40	Joey	 But I counted, you're not supposed to live here! Oh man! (Runs away.)
41	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, Joey is entering again.]
42	Joey	 Ugh!!
43	Monica	 What happened?
44	Joey	 I ended up at Ross's place. Oh, I musta missed counted or something. (Looks out the window.) Damn! She's not there anymore. Oh, l-l-look, Ross is doing his 'Watching TV' bit. (We see Ross sitting on the couch and flipping through the channels on his remote.)
45	Monica	 No Joey, I think he's just watchin' TV.
46		(It's only when the camera cuts to Ross's apartment that we see that the TV is turned off and Ross is indeed doing a bit. He then tries to hide his smirk.)
47	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, later that day, Gary is kissing Phoebe good-bye.]
48	Gary's Radio	 We've lost visual contact with the suspect.
49	Gary	 Okay, now I've really have to go!
50	Phoebe	 But it's just so unfair that our date has to get cut short just 'cause some guy shot at a store clerk.
51	Gary	 I know, but it's my job, sweethart!
52	Phoebe	 Okay, then maybe I can come too!
53	Gary's Radio	 Suspect has just emerged naked from the sewer.
54	Phoebe	 All right, you go. (They kiss.)
55	Gary	 Bye-bye.
56	Phoebe	 'Kay, bye!
57		(Gary closes the door behind him.)
58	Phoebe	 Oh God!
59	Monica	 What?
60	Phoebe	 Oh I just miss him so much!
61	Monica	 Wow! For just a week you guys are really close, huh?
62	Phoebe	 Yeah, it's weird. I can't help it though he's so sweet, he's like this little puppy dog, y'know? But like a really tough one that shots bad guys. Ohh, I just love beginning parts of relationships, y'know?! You just like can't keep your hands off each other.
63	Monica	 I know it is the best.
64	Phoebe	 So-so how long did that last for you and Chandler?
65	Monica	 What? It's still going on.
66	Phoebe	 Come on, seriously! When did it end?
67	Monica	 I-I am serious, I mean, we're, we're all over each other all the time.
68	Phoebe	 Okay, you know where you are better than I do. I was just curious.
69	Monica	 (Start annoying hyper-competitive mode now.) (Jumping up) What don't you just calm down Phoebe! All right?! Why don’t you just get all your facts before you run around telling everybody that you're the only hot couple!!
70	Phoebe	 (Under her breath) God, I woke the beast. Sorry. (To Monica) I was wrong obviously, I just—I misspoke. It's okay.
71	Monica	 Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just as hot as you! I mean our flame, whew, is on fire!
72	Chandler	 (entering) Hey Monica, here's your broom back.
73	Monica	 You are so cute. (She goes over and kisses him passionately.)
74	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, the next day, Chandler and Joey are there as Rachel returns from her interview.]
75	Chandler	 Oh hey, how'd the interview go?
76	Rachel	 Ugh, horrible! I did the stupidest, most embarrassing thing!
77	Joey	 Did you tell the guy you wanted to have sex with his wife and then fall right out of your chair?
78	Rachel	 No!
79	Chandler	 So what happened?
80	Rachel	 Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He said something about a boat and I was like, "Well, yeah! If you've got enough life jackets!" (She starts laughing; Chandler and Joey are not amused.) Trust me, it was actually, it was very funny. Anyway, so we were saying good-bye and ugh!
81	Joey	 What happened?
82	Rachel	 (We see a flashback as Rachel describes what happened.) All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me… Y'know maybe he was going to open the door, but I totally miss read him and I uhhh… (The flashback shows that she kissed him on the cheek.)
83	Joey	 You kissed him?!
84	Rachel	 Well, I didn't know what else to do!
85	Chandler	 Well you coulda tried, not kissing him.
86	Rachel	 Thanks Chandler.
87	Monica	 (entering from the bathroom) Hey Rach, a guy from Ralph Lauren called, you got a second interview!
88	Rachel	 I can't believe it! I got a second interview!
89	Monica	 Yes!
90	Joey	 I bet that kiss isn't looking like such a big mistake now, is it?
91	Rachel	 What-what, wait a minute, you don't think that's why he wants me back?
92	Joey	 Yeah! (Chandler makes a noise) No?
93	Monica	 A kiss? What are you talking about?
94	Rachel	 I accidentally kissed him in the interview, and now he wants me back y'know of course, 'cause "Let's bring the girl back who kisses everybody!"
95	Chandler	 Come on, Rach.
96	Rachel	 Oh my God! What if he thinks I'm the kind of girl that-that would just sleep with him?
97	Monica	 He probably wants you back because you're right for the job.
98	Rachel	 Maybe. I-I don't know—Oh God, how could I be so stupid?!
99	Joey	 Oh Rachel look, don't say that, I think you just need a hug from Joey. Come on. Come on. (She hugs him and Joey looks out the window.) She's back! Hot girl's back!
100	Rachel	 Ohh, well I'm not totally back yet, but thank you.
101	Joey	 No, in Ross's building! (He throws Rachel onto the chair and heads to the window.) She's back! She's back! (Pantomimes) Okay, wait there, I'll be over in a second. (He counts where she is again.) Got it! (Runs out and does a little hot over a chair.)
102	Chandler	 I gotta check out this hot girl! (He heads to the window but realizes something, stops, turns and points at Monica.) There she is! (He dances over to her and kisses her.)
103	[Scene	 Ross's building, Joey is knocking on a door again. It's again answered by Ross.]
104	Joey	 Damnit!! Did you move?!
105	Ross	 Yes. I lived with you guys for a while and then I found this place. (Joey just stares at him) I'm Ross.
106		(Joey makes a frustrated face and noise and walks away. He knocks on the next door and it's answered by an old man.)
107	The Old Man	 Yes?
108	Joey	 (Looking around) Uhh do you happen to have a hot girl in there?
109	The Old Man	 No. I'm all alone.
110	Joey	 Yeah. Sorry about that. (He walks away and knocks on the next door which is answered by a little girl.) Oh, hey little girl. Uhh, is-is your mommy, or sister, or babysitter by any chance a hot girl?
111	The Little Girl	 Daddy!!
112	Joey	 Later! (He runs away down the hall and hides behind a corner to a whole other corridor.) Oh man! (Walks down the hallway in desperation.) Hot girl! Hot girl!!
113	[Scene	 Rachel's job interview, she is waiting outside Mr. Zelner's (the interviewer) office banging her pen between her teeth.]
114	Mr. Zelner	 Hi Rachel!
115	Rachel	 Hi!
116	Mr. Zelner	 Come on in.
117		(They go inside.)
118	Mr. Zelner	 It's really nice to see you again.
119	Rachel	 Thank you.
120	Mr. Zelner	 (Sees that she has some ink on her lip from her pen.) Oh Rachel, uhh… (He points to his lip to get her to notice the ink on hers.)
121	Rachel	 What?
122	Mr. Zelner	 Just ah… (He points again.)
123	Rachel	 Excuse me?
124	Mr. Zelner	 Here let me… (He goes to wipe it off himself.)
125	Rachel	 (stopping him) Wh-whoa! All right, okay-okay, I see, I see what's going on here! Now listen, look-look, I'm sorry if I gave you the wrong impression, but I am not some hussy who will just sleep around to get ahead! Now even though I (He tries to interrupt and tell her about the ink), hey-hey-hey, even though I kissed you, that does not give you the right to demand sex from me. I do not want, this job that bad. Good day, sir. (She storms out of his office.)
126	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is returning from her interview attempt.]
127	Rachel	 (entering) Ugh, you will not believe what that sleaze-ball from Ralph Lauren did too me!
128		(Joey, Monica, and Ross all point to their lips to get Rachel to once again notice the ink on her lip.)
129	Rachel	 Okay-okay that-that's amazing. How did you know that?
130	Ross	 You got ink on your lip.
131	Rachel	 Oh. (Realizes.) Ohhhhhhhhh….
132	[Scene	 Central Perk, Phoebe and Gary and Chandler and Monica are all there.]
133	Chandler	 (To Gary) So what do you say, maybe sometime I hold your gun?
134	Gary	 I don't know man, we're really not supposed to do that.
135	Chandler	 Oh, what can happen? I mean, would you… (He gestures and spills some of his coffee.)
136	Gary	 Yeah, I'm gonna say no.
137	Monica	 Phoebe, do you want to go see a movie after dinner tonight?
138	Phoebe	 Oh we can't, we already have plans.
139	Monica	 What are you doing?
140	Phoebe	 Well, same thing we did all day, hang out at Gary's apartment. He is so amazing, we never left the bedroom. But have fun at the movie.
141	Monica	 (That annoying competitiveness thing kicks in again, what the heck is that with her and why must the writers show it every flippin' episode?!) Oh, we're not seeing a movie!
142	Phoebe	 You're not? Then why did you ask us if we wanted to go?
143	Monica	 Oh umm, that's because I just wanted to y'know walk in on me and Chandler while we were, y'know, doing it all night. Will you excuse me for just a second?
144	Phoebe	 Yeah!
145	Monica	 Okay. (She gets up and walks over to Chandler.) Chandler? Can I see you for a second?
146	Chandler	 Uh, yeah.
147	Monica	 Okay. (They walk away to get some privacy.) We have got to beat them! {Here we go yet again.}
148	Chandler	 Why?
149	Monica	 'Cause, Gary and Phoebe think they're a hotter couple than we are!
150	Chandler	 Ohh, so?
151	Monica	 So! So we've got to go upstairs and have a lot of sex to prove them wrong!
152	Chandler	 Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason.} I mean, just impress Gary and Phoebe we have to go upstairs and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your coat.
153		Commercial Break
154	[Scene	 The lobby in Ross's building, we see a flyer that is on the bulletin board that reads, "Are you the Hot Girl who waved at me? If so, give me a call!" and it's signed, Joey 629-9*** (The last couple of numbers have been ripped off). Anyhoo, Ross is getting his mail.]
155	Ross	 (to the woman checking her mail next to him) Hey!
156		(A man walks up.)
157	The Man	 (To Ross) Excuse me. (He puts up a flyer that has a sketch drawing of Joey and it reads, "Warning! Intruder! If you see this creep - call the cops!") You should check this out, tell the other tenants. Apparently he's running around looking for some kind of a hot girl.
158	Ross	 (to the woman checking her mail) Who isn't?
159		(For the first time we see that the woman Ross is talking too is in fact the hot girl that Joey is looking for. She just kinda stares at him.)
160	Ross	 I don't, I don't think we've meet. I-I'm Ross.
161	The Hot Girl	 I know. You're the guy who wouldn't chip in for the handyman.
162	Ross	 Nevermind! (Goes back to his mailbox.)
163	The Hot Girl	 No, I-I actually thought it was unfair the way everyone reacted. I mean you had just moved in.
164	Ross	 I had just moved in. Thank you! Listen umm…
165	The Hot Girl	 Jen.
166	Ross	 Jen, I know this may sound a little…(makes some kind of crazy noise) But uh, would you maybe wanna grab a cup of coffee sometime, or…
167	Jen	 Sure! That would be nice.
168	Ross	 Umm?
169	Jen	 Oh! My number is on there. (Hands him a business card.) Give me a call.
170	Ross	 I will give you a call.
171	Jen	 I'll see you later. (Starts to walk away.)
172	Ross	 Okay!
173		(After she's left, Ross gets really happy and starts kissing the card. Suddenly, she returns.)
174	Jen	 I forgot my paper. (Ross quickly hides the card in his mouth.)
175	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, a post-coital Monica and Chandler are recovering on the couch.]
176	Chandler	 That was amazing!
177	Monica	 Phoebe and Gary are so gonna hear about this at dinner.
178	Chandler	 That was amazing.
179	Monica	 We are the hottest! Huh? No one is hotter than we are! You're the best.
180	Chandler	 No, you're the best.
181	Monica	 No, you're the best.
182	Chandler	 No, you're the best.
183	Monica	 I am the best.
184		(Just as they start to get up, Joey walks in.)
185	Joey	 (entering) Hey guys! (Sees their state of undress) What 'cha been doin'? (Has a silly grin.)
186	Monica	 (looking out the window) Hey Joey! Isn't that the girl that waved at you the other day?
187	Joey	 I don't know. But I can see through your sheet. (He looks out the window.) Yeah, yeah, that's her. But y'know what? Doesn't matter, I'm never gonna get to meet her anyway.
188	Monica	 Why?
189	Joey	 Because it's impossible to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl parallel universe, or something.
190	Monica	 What are you talking about? (Pointing out the window.) She obviously lives on the second floor, seventh apartment from the left!
191	Joey	 No. No. No. She lives on the third floor, eighth apartment from the left.
192	Monica	 No, those first two windows, (Points) that's the lobby. And y'know the other one over there, that's the stairway. You've been counting wrong.
193	Joey	 I did not know that! Thank you Monica. (Starts to leave) I can't believe I almost lost another girl because of counting.
194	[Scene	 Jen's apartment, Ross is picking her up for their date.]
195	Ross	 So uhh, you ready?
196	Jen	 Sure, I'll just get my coat. (There's a knock on the door.) Could you get that?
197	Ross	 Sure. (He opens the door to Joey. Needless to say, Joey's stunned.) Joey…
198	Joey	 Dahhhhh!! (Ross has a puzzled look on his face.) No! Noooo!! (Storms off.)
199	[Scene	 Mr. Zelner's office, Rachel has come back again to try and do that second interview.]
200	Rachel	 Ah, first, I-I would like to say thank you for agreeing to see me again.
201	Mr. Zelner	 That's quite all right, but I feel obligated to tell you that this meeting is being videotaped.
202	Rachel	 (looks around for the camera) Okay. Umm, well, first I would like to start by apologizing for kissing you and uh, for yelling at you.
203	Mr. Zelner	 Fair enough.
204	Rachel	 Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah, (She puts her hands on his desk blotter and he moves it. Rachel then doesn't know where to put her hands.) who did, who did not umm, yell at you and storm out, and I think that's a big mistake and here's why. I made a huge fool of myself and I came back, that shows courage. When I thought you wanted sex in exchange for this job, I said no. That shows integrity. And, I was not afraid to stand up for myself and that shows courage. (Suddenly realizes that she said courage twice.) Okay umm, now I know I already said courage, but y'know you gotta have courage. And umm, and finally when I thought you were making sexual advances in the workplace, I said no and I was not litigious. {By the way, litigious means to want to litigate and litigate is to make a lawsuit against. So she didn't want to sue him. Don't worry, I had to look it up too.} So there you go, you got, you got (counts them off with her fingers) courage, you got integrity, you got (Pause) courage again, and not litigious. Look Mr…
205	Mr. Zelner	 Zelner.
206	Rachel	 Zelner! Right! I knew that! I really, really want this job and I think, I think I would be really good at it.
207	Mr. Zelner	 Y'know what? I may regret this but uh, I'm going to give you a shot.
208	Rachel	 (gasps) Oh! You are?
209	Mr. Zelner	 Um-hmm.
210	Rachel	 Really? Oh thank you! Oh… Oh, would it be completely inappropriate to give you a hug?
211	Mr. Zelner	 Yes!
212	Rachel	 Okay, well then how about a handshake? (She goes to shake his hand but misses and touches his groin.) Oh God I'm sorry! Oh God, I'm sorry! I did not mean to touch that—I mean you there. There. Uhh, okay, so thank-thank you, I'm going to leave now thank you very much uh-huh, thank you so—Hey! I'll see you Monday! (Exits.)
213	[Scene	 A restaurant, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, and Gary are on a double date. Chandler is yawning.]
214	Phoebe	 You tired Chandler?
215	Monica	 You better believe he's tired, after the day we had! If you know what I mean. You know what I mean?
216	Chandler	 Honey, the tortilla chips know what you mean.
217	Gary	 So uh Chandler, you like that badge I got you?
218	Chandler	 Oh yeah, it's so cool. (He opens his coat and has it pinned to the lining.) Now I gotta go, Officer Bing has gotta, 10-100. (Pause, softly) That's pee-pee. (Heads for the bathroom.)
219	Monica	 Phoebe, you have a, a twig in your hair.
220	Phoebe	 Ohh, (laughs) umm, we kinda took a little detour on the way over here.
221	Gary	 Yeah, we took a little stroll in the park and no one was around, so…
222	Monica	 You didn't!
223	Phoebe	 We did! We violated Section 12 Paragraph 7 of the criminal code!
224	Monica	 The park huh? A public place.
225	Gary	 Uh-huh.
226	Monica	 I hear ya. Excuse me for just a second! (Gets up and heads for the bathroom as that annoying Gotta-win-at-all-costs-super-competitive thing kicks in again.)
227		[Cut to the Men's room. Chandler is practicing flashing his badge as Monica enters.]
228	Monica	 Hi Chandler.
229	Chandler	 Monica! This is the Men's room! (Pause) Isn't it?
230	Monica	 Yes it is. You see I've always found the men's bathroom very sexual. Haven't you?
231	Chandler	 No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous!
232	Monica	 Come on, we can't let them win!
233	Chandler	 Ugh, we have already proved that we are hot! Okay? So why-why are you getting so obsessed about this thing?!
234	Monica	 Because Phoebe and Gary are in that-can't-keep-their-hands-off-each-other-doing-it-in-the-park phase!
235	Chandler	 (gasps) So?
236	Monica	 I feel really sad that we're not…really there anymore.
237	Chandler	 Oh wow! Is that what this all have been about?
238	Monica	 Wasn't it a lot more exciting when we were y'know all over each other all the time?
239	Chandler	 Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
240	Monica	 Really?
241	Chandler	 Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting. (Kisses her.)
242	Monica	 That is so sweet. I know that I was acting a little crazy but umm, I feel the same way.
243	Chandler	 Yeah?
244	Monica	 Yeah. (They hug.)
245	Chandler	 Y'know what I just realized? You just freaked out about our relationship.
246	Monica	 Did not.
247	Chandler	 Yes you did! Admit it! You freaked out!
248	Monica	 Okay, I freaked out a little.
249	Chandler	 Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up! (Does a dance of joy.) (Monica glares at him.) And now we're back.
250		Ending Credits
251	[Scene	 Looking through Ross's window, he's doing more pantomimes. The first one is he's walking a dog that has stopped, then suddenly tugs him forward.]
252		[Cut to the inside of Monica and Rachel's apartment, Monica and Rachel are sitting at the table.]
253	Rachel	 (laughs) I cannot believe Ross is buying this!
254	Monica	 Thank God! I can't watch him anymore!
255	Chandler	 (entering) You guys ready fore the movies?
256	Rachel	 Yeah! Oh by the way, thank you for loaning us Pamela and Yasmine.
257		(We see through the big window from the outside and see that Monica and Rachel have pictures of their faces pasted onto cardboard cutouts of Pamela Anderson and Yasmine Bleeth wearing their Baywatch swimsuits.)
258	Ross	 (from his apartment) Man! They cannot get enough! (Makes like he's a robot and waves at the cutouts.)
259		End
260	webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(137,2) (193, 80) http	//thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(69,1) (126, 80) http
