1	Written by	 Seth Kurland Transcribed by
2	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, Joey, Monica, and Phoebe are there as Chandler enters.]
3	Chandler	 (entering) Hey!
4	Phoebe	 Hey! Check it out! This is unbelievable! Joey has been holding his breath for almost four minutes!
5		(We see Joey who has puffed up his cheeks and Chandler nonchalantly reaches down and pinches Joey’s nose shut. In a few seconds, Joey has to move because he’s now forced to actually hold his breath.)
6	Joey	 (To Chandler) Dude! What are yo—you trying to kill me?!
7	Rachel	 (entering from her room) Pheebs, I wanna ask you something.
8	Phoebe	 Uh-huh, what?
9	Rachel	 Well since I’m movin’ out and-and you’re so beautiful…
10	Phoebe	 Oh!
11	Rachel	 …how about I move in with you?
12	Phoebe	 Well, that would be great but then what do we do about Denise?
13	Monica	 Who’s Denise?
14	Phoebe	 My roommate.
15	Rachel	 You have a roommate?!
16	Phoebe	 Yes, Denise. Denise!
17	Joey	 Hey, what is with the secrecy Phoebe? Huh? And what about this Denise, is she cute?
18	Chandler	 Pheebs, I don’t understand. How can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?
19	Phoebe	 Maybe because you never listen to anything that I say. I talk about her all the time! DENISE!!!!!
20	Joey	 Hey Rach, listen I was thinkin’ uh, I’m gonna have an extra room over at my place…
21	Rachel	 Oh, that’s true.
22	Joey	 Yeah, why don’t you move in with me? It’ll be great! We could stay up late, watch movies, and you know about Naked Thursday’s right?
23	Rachel	 Yeah, yeah I think I’m gonna find my own place.
24	Chandler	 Hey-hey! I thought Naked Thursday’s was just our thing man!
25		Opening Credits
26	[Scene	 Central Perk, Ross is reading a magazine, eating a cookie, and drinking some coffee as Phoebe enters.]
27	Phoebe	 Hey.
28	Ross	 Hey!
29	Phoebe	 So, what did Rachel say when you told her you were still married to her?
30	Ross	 Oh, that. Umm, she took it really well.
31	Phoebe	 You didn’t tell her did you?
32	Ross	 No.
33	Phoebe	 Of course not, because you’re in love with her.
34	Ross	 I am not in love with her. She was very upset about having to move out so I eh, didn’t tell her we were still married because she would only get more upset. I-I just comforted her, as a friend.
35	Phoebe	 What do you mean, comforted her?
36	Ross	 It’s nothing, I just gave her a hug.
37	Phoebe	 Ah-ha! A classic sign of love, the hug!
38	Ross	 It’s also a sign of friendship.
39	Phoebe	 Yeah, not in your case Lovey Loverson. (Tries to take a bite out of Ross’s cookie.)
40	Ross	 (grabs back his cookie) It was a hug!
41	Phoebe	 Okay, just tell me this, did you or did you not smell her hair?
42	Ross	 S-s-smell her hair? What if I did?
43	Phoebe	 Ninety percent of a women’s pheromones come out the top of her head! That’s why, that’s why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them! (Ross is staring at her dumbfounded.) Oh come on Ross, you’re a scientist.
44	Ross	 I was hugging her as a friend. It’s not my fault her-her hair got in my face, she’s got a lot of it and it smells all-all uh…coconutty. (Phoebe raises her eyebrows.) What?! Oh, that doesn’t mean I have feelings for Rachel! Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts!
45	Phoebe	 (taking his coffee) Okay, whatever you say. But just be careful, all right? Rachel’s not in the same place you are.
46	Ross	 (grabbing back his coffee) If the place you are referring too is being in love, then she is in the same place as me because I am not in that place!
47	Phoebe	 Okay, I didn’t understand that, but y’know, maybe that’s ‘cause you were speaking the secret language of love!
48		(She goes for his magazine and he grabs it away before she reaches it. But she was only using the magazine as a decoy because she grabs his cookie and coffee, takes a bite out of the cookie and drinks some of the coffee.)
49	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Monica are there as Joey enters.]
50	Joey	 Hey! (To Chandler) Dude, some guy just called for you.
51	Chandler	 Who was it?
52	Joey	 I don’t know! How about, "Thanks for taking the message." Jeez! (Exits.)
53	Monica	 Okay listen, y’know when you move in Rachel’s room is gonna be empty, you wanna talk about what we want to do with it?
54	Chandler	 Sure!
55	Monica	 Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven’t thought about it that much.
56	Chandler	 Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y’know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!
57	Monica	 No.
58	Chandler	 Okay so you mean no as in, "Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Let’s discuss it before we reject it completely."
59	Monica	 Oh, I’m sorry. Of course I mean that. Interesting idea, umm, talk about it, but no.
60	Chandler	 So, that’s it?
61	Monica	 I just don’t think arcade games go in the beautiful guest room. The beautiful guest room is gonna be filled with antiques.
62	Chandler	 Which is why Asteroids is perfect! It’s the oldest game!
63	Monica	 What do you have against the beautiful guest room?
64	Chandler	 I don’t have anything against the beautiful guest room, especially since everybody we know lives about 30 seconds away!
65	Monica	 Are you mocking me?
66	Chandler	 No, I’m not mocking you, (in a mocking voice) or you beautiful guest room. (Exits.)
67	[Scene	 Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is coming from across the hall.]
68	Joey	 Hey, what’s up?
69	Chandler	 Nothing, Monica and I had a stupid fight.
70	Joey	 But you’re still moving in together, right? Because my ad came out today. (Shows him the paper.)
71	Chandler	 (reading the ad) "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." Nice!
72	Joey	 Yeah? I just figured y’know, after living with you it’d be an interesting change of pace to have a female roommate, y’know? Someone I can learn from, someone-someone who’s different than me. And what’s more different than me; a guy who’s not 19 than say a girl who is 19? Enh? (Points to his head.) Not just a hat rack my friend!
73	[Scene	 Central Perk, Phoebe is on the couch staring off into space as Rachel enters.]
74	Rachel	 Pheebs, I have to ask you…
75	Phoebe	 Shhhhhh! I’m swamped right now.
76	Rachel	 You’re just staring into space.
77	Phoebe	 Umm, I’m trying to move that pencil. (There’s a pencil lying on the table.)
78	Rachel	 This one? (Picks it up.)
79	Phoebe	 It worked!
80	Rachel	 Pheebs, this whole apartment thing is just a nightmare! Every place I can afford comes with a roommate who is a freak. I mean, look at this; (Points to one and starts to read it.) "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." It’s just, there is nothing! The city’s full!
81	Phoebe	 Wait, no, look at this! (Points to one.) (Reading) "Two bedroom, two bath, must be non-smoker, Satan worshipers okay…" Oh, yeah, but it’s on the ground floor.
82	Ross	 (entering) Hey!
83	Rachel	 Hey.
84	Ross	 Rach, uh, you still looking for a place?
85	Rachel	 Yeah! Why?
86	Ross	 Okay, there’s this guy, Warren, from the museum and he’s going on a dig for like two years and he’s got this great place he needs to sublet. So uh, you interested?
87	Rachel	 That sounds great! I’d love to live at Warren’s!! I love Warren! Thank you!
88	Ross	 Don’t thank me! If you wanna thank something, thank the volcano that erupted thousands of years ago, killing but perfectly preserving an entire civilization. (Rachel just looks at him.) Here’s Warren’s number.
89	Rachel	 Oh, this is great! I am gonna call him right now! (Jumps up.) Oh, thank you!
90		(She hugs him and he starts to hug her back but notices the look Phoebe is giving him and pushes her away.)
91	Ross	 Okay, you go grab it!
92	Phoebe	 I saw it.
93	Ross	 I don’t know what you’re talking about.
94	Phoebe	 Umm, I’m talking about that which you already know but won’t admit. You love her again; you re-love her!
95	Ross	 Look, I do not re-love her.
96	Phoebe	 I can’t believe you won’t just admit it! (Pause) Okay, just promise me that you won’t do anything stupid.
97	Ross	 Look, we’re just friends now! Okay? Why would I do anything stupid?
98	Rachel	 (returning from calling Warren) Ugh!!! Well, the apartment is already subletted! I mean, this is just hopeless. I’m never gonna find anything.
99	Ross	 You can live with me.
100	Rachel	 What?!
101	Phoebe	 What?!
102	Ross	 What?
103		Commercial Break
104	[Scene	 Central Perk, continued from earlier.]
105	Rachel	 Oh my God! Are you serious?!
106	Ross	 Uh-huh. (Phoebe grunts.)
107	Rachel	 I would love to live with you Ross; that’s-that’s great! Thank you!
108	Ross	 Well, I’m-I’m just glad I could, y’know, help you out.
109	Phoebe	 Wow! I’m-I’m so happy for you guys. (To Ross) This is so-so, not stupid.
110	Rachel	 Ross-Ross, you have no idea what this means to me! I mean, I mean I was gonna be homeless. You just saved me! You’re my hero!
111	Ross	 Hero, I uh, I don’t know—well, all right.
112	Rachel	 Oh, I have to go tell Monica what a wonderful brother she has! (Kisses him on the cheek and exits.)
113	Ross	 Oh please! (He sits down.) (To Phoebe) You’re gonna say things now, aren’t ya?
114	Phoebe	 No. No, I won’t. But I should tell you this, this exact same thing happened to my roommate Denise. She moved in with a guy who was secretly married to her and he said he didn’t love her, but he really did, and it just blew up! And that’s how she ended up living with me! (Ross looks at her.) (Pause) Okay, that’s a lie.
115	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, Monica is in the kitchen as Chandler enters.]
116	Chandler	 Hi.
117	Monica	 Hi.
118	Chandler	 Hi, listen, I’m sorry about before. I don’t need to have a game room. I mean when I was a kid I only played those games because I couldn’t get girls, and now I can ‘em—Now, I have you. (Monica glares at him.) Not-not that I think that I have you or think of you as property in any sort of way, I see women…
119	Monica	 Stop it Chandler. (Chandler is relieved) I’m sorry too.
120	Chandler	 Really?
121	Monica	 Yeah! Oh yes!
122	Chandler	 Ohh.
123	Monica	 Listen, we don’t have to make that a guest room, we can think of something to do with the room together.
124	Chandler	 That’s a great idea! We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.
125	Monica	 Totally!
126		(They start thinking.)
127	Chandler	 We don’t have to come up with this now.
128	Monica	 Oh good.
129	Chandler	 Hey, y’know what? Why don’t we think about changes we can make in the living room?
130	Monica	 Changes?
131	Chandler	 Yeah, I mean we’re gonna have to move around some furniture to make room for my chair. (Kisses her and heads into the living room.)
132	Monica	 You’re-you’re-you’re gonna bring the Barca Lounger over here?
133	Chandler	 Is that a problem?
134	Monica	 Well, it’s a set and they should probably stay together.
135	Chandler	 Oh, that’s cool. Then I’ll just bring them both over.
136	Monica	 See now-now you’re taking them away from their home.
137	Chandler	 Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I’ll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!
138	Monica	 Yeah-yeah, y’know what? Yeah, that’s it-that’s it, everything will be mine! Nothing will be yours! That’s-that’s what I said! Oh come on, Chandler! I’m talking about the barca lounger! It just, it doesn’t match! Where is it gonna go?!
139	Chandler	 In the game room!
140	Monica	 Look it is not my fault that your chairs are incredibly ugly!
141	Chandler	 All right! That’s fine! That’s fine! I won’t bring over the chairs! I won’t bring anything over! I wouldn’t want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma’s place!! (Storms out.)
142	[Scene	 Chandler and Joey's, Joey is interviewing a potential roommate. And yes, she’s a female, non-smoker and very non-ugly.]
143	Joey	 (exiting from Chandler’s room with the new roommate) Everything on your application looks really good—Ohh! Just one last question umm, are you and your friends gonna be over here all the time like partying and hanging out?
144	The Potential Roommate	 Oh don’t worry, I’m not really a party girl.
145	Joey	 Whoa!! Now look, don’t be just blurtin’ stuff out. I want you to really think about your answers. Okay?
146	Chandler	 (entering) You can call off the roommate search! (To the potential roommate) Hi! I’ll be living here. (Heads for the bathroom.)
147	Joey	 Oh don’t listen to him, he’s just some guy who really wants the apartment, but I don’t think he’s gonna get it.
148	Chandler	 Why did you take the shower curtain down?
149	Joey	 That thing was a hazard! (To the potential roommate) I’m very safety conscious.
150	[Scene	 Ross’s Apartment, Rachel is entering and Ross is making some room on the shelves for his stuff.]
151	Rachel	 Hey!
152	Ross	 Hey! Oh listen, I was just clearing some space for your stuff.
153	Rachel	 Oh thanks, but listen, I was just at Monica’s and she and Chandler had a big fight and they’re not moving in.
154	Ross	 What do you mean, they’re not moving in? They-they’re still moving in right?
155	Rachel	 No-no, they just had a big blowout over what to do with my room.
156	Ross	 What?! Over a stupid room!
157	Rachel	 Yeah, I feel kinda bad for them, but I’m also really psyched ‘cause I don’t have to move in here!
158	Ross	 Oh no, yeah no, that part’s great!
159	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, Ross is entering, dragging Chandler, to mediate the argument between Chandler and Monica.]
160	Ross	 What’s all this about you guys fighting?! Is this really over a room?! I mean, that is so silly!
161	Monica	 Ross, we can handle this.
162	Ross	 Well, apparently not, and I can’t just stand by and watch two people I care about very much be hurt over something that is so silly. I mean, enough of the silliness!
163	Chandler	 Well, why don’t you tell her to stop being silly! (Monica mocks him and he joins in.)
164	Ross	 (stopping them) Okay-okay! Two very good points, look I’ve known you both a long time, and I’ve never seen either of you one/millionth as happy as you’ve been since you’ve got together. Do you really want to throw that all away over a room? That is so silly. Now wh-what is more important, love or silliness?
165	Chandler	 Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love.
166	Monica	 Love is the best medicine.
167	Chandler	 That’s laughter.
168	Monica	 Why do you do it?
169	Chandler	 I don’t know.
170	Ross	 Okay! All right! Now, Chandler you-you wanna live with Monica, right?
171	Chandler	 Yeah, I do.
172	Ross	 And Mon, you wanna live with Chandler, don’t ya?
173	Monica	 Yes.
174	Ross	 (jumping up) Good! A verbal contract is binding in the state of New York! (Storms out.)
175	[Scene	 Central Perk, Rachel is sitting at the counter waiting for Gunther, yep Gunther’s back, to refill her coffee.]
176	Gunther	 So I understand you’re looking for a place.
177	Rachel	 No-no, I’m staying put.
178	Gunther	 Oh, I was going to offer you my apartment.
179	Rachel	 Why, where are you going?
180	Gunther	 I don’t know.
181	Ross	 (entering) Hey Rach!
182	Rachel	 Hi!
183	Ross	 You’re never gonna believe it uh, Monica and Chandler are moving in again. That’s great news right—I mean for them. Right?
184	Rachel	 Oh wow.
185	Ross	 Yeah but, on the bright side, we get to be roommates again.
186	Rachel	 Yeah. Y’know umm, uh, umm, about that, umm, Ross I really appreciate your offer to let me move in and everything, but don’t you think it’s gonna be weird?
187	Ross	 Wh-why?! Why-why-why would it, why would it be weird?
188	Rachel	 Well, because of us! Because of our history.
189	Ross	 No!
190	Rachel	 No?
191	Ross	 No! No! It would be weird if we were still in that place, I mean are you still in that place?
192	Rachel	 No! Not at all!
193	Ross	 Good! Me neither! So it’s not a problem. We’re just two friends who happen to be roommates.
194	Rachel	 Okay, but Ross, eventually you and I are gonna be dating.
195	Ross	 Really?! We are?
196	Rachel	 Yeah! I’m gonna have a boyfriend, you’re gonna have a girlfriend…
197	Ross	 Ohh! That would be great.
198	Rachel	 But y’know what, if you think it’s gonna be okay we’ll just work out a system. Y’know, it’ll be like college, I’ll hang a hanger on the door and put a sign, "Come back later, I’m gettin’ lucky." (Laughs.)
199	Ross	 (laughs as well, but for a different reason) Yeah, I didn’t think of that.
200	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is once again being dragged in by Ross so he that he can try to manipulate the situation so that it’s best for Ross, not necessarily what’s best for Monica and Chandler.]
201	Ross	 So are you sure about this whole moving in thing?! I mean it’s a really big step! And-and what’s the rush?!
202		(They both start laughing at him.)
203	Monica	 That’s very funny!
204	Chandler	 He’s being silly, because he knows that we enjoy the silliness!
205	Ross	 No, I-I-I’m serious, okay? I mean, think about it. You move in, you start fighting over stupid game rooms, next thing y’know you break up!
206	Monica	 Ross, you were right before, it was just a stupid fight about a room.
207	Ross	 Okay, there are no stupid fights!! This isn’t about the room, this is about what the room…represents! And unfortunately, this room (Points to Rachel’s room) could destroy you!!
208	Chandler	 Yeah, I'm not so worried.
209	Monica	 Yeah, no, me neither.
210	Ross	 Fine! It’s your life! (Starts to storm out mad about his failed attempt at the manipulation of his best friend and sister, but stops and tries one last time.) I just don’t want to see you guys break up! Which you will do if you move in together, (Monica and Chandler just stare at him.) but that’s what you want, there’s nothing I can do. (Opens the door and tries one more time.) DON’T DO IT!!!!! (Finally leaves.)
211	Monica	 You still want to move in together right?
212	Chandler	 Of course!
213	Monica	 Ross didn’t scare you?
214	Chandler	 Scared me out of ever wanting to live with him.
215	Monica	 Come here, I want to show you something!
216	Chandler	 Okay!
217		(They run to the living room where Monica has moved the chair back (Towards the step), the coffee table forward (Towards the TV), and taped a square outline on the floor.)
218	Chandler	 Oh my God! Someone’s killed Square Man!
219	Monica	 This is where I thought the barca lounger could go! You see you could see the TV and it’s still walking distance to the kitchen.
220	Chandler	 Oh that’s so sweet! I want to show you something too!
221	Monica	 Okay!
222	Chandler	 Y’know those big-big uh, road signs that say "Merge?"
223	Monica	 Uh-hmm.
224	Chandler	 Y’know? So I was thinking that we could get one of those signs and hang it over our bed. Because, that’s you and I together! Merge!
225	Monica	 Oh my God! I love that!
226	Chandler	 Really?!
227	Monica	 Uh, no!!
228	[Scene	 Central Perk, Phoebe is singing a new song. Yep, the first new Phoebe song of season six, Ross, Joey, and Rachel are also there.]
229	Phoebe	 (singing) I found you in my bed! How’d you whined up there? You are a mystery! Little black curly hair! Little black curly hair! Little black, little black, little black, little black, little black curly hair…………
230		(Applause.)
231	Phoebe	 Now if you want to receive e-mails about my upcoming shows, then please give me money so I can buy a computer.
232	Ross	 (To Rachel) So umm, where are the other guys?
233	Rachel	 Umm, well let’s see Monica and Chandler are occupied.
234	Ross	 Fighting?!
235	Rachel	 No, the other thing. I really think it’s great they work things out.
236	Ross	 Yeah. There’s no breaking them up, is there?
237	Rachel	 Hey, can I borrow the key to your house so I can run across the street and make a copy?
238	Ross	 Sure! Here. (Hands her his keys.)
239	Rachel	 Thank you. (Gets up) Now are you sure? Because once I make a copy, there’s no turning back.
240	Ross	 Yeah, I’m-I’m sure. (Deadpan) Yeah, get out of here before I change my mind. (She exits)
241	Joey	 Umm, listen, Ross do you really think this moving in with Rachel is a good idea?
242	Ross	 I’ve been back and forth.
243	Joey	 Yeah well, maybe you should go back! Okay? Rachel moves in, and before you know it you’re right where you don’t want to be! Back together!
244	Ross	 Ehh, I don’t, I don’t think so. She’s already talked about y’know, dating other guys.
245	Joey	 That’s not gonna work out! Then she’s gonna come home all weepy and you’ll be tellin’ her, "Oh that’s okay. You’ll find someone." And then, bamn! She finds you!
246	Ross	 Yeah, well, m-maybe you’re right.
247	Joey	 I am telling you Ross, she is definitely gonna fall in love with you again! Now, is that what you want?
248	Ross	 Is that what I want?
249	Phoebe	 (on the microphone, accidentally) Yes.
250		(Rachel enters.)
251	Joey	 Here she comes. Hold on, I’m gonna make your life much easier.
252	Rachel	 All right, well the place was closed. I’ll just copy it later.
253	Joey	 Or not. Uh, Rach, why don’t you just move in with me? (Rachel sighs.)
254	Ross	 Whoa! Whoa! Whoa, Joey!
255	Joey	 No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no… It’s okay, I mean I—look Rach, I know I scared you off with that whole Naked Thursday’s thing, but we don’t have to do that!
256	Rachel	 Well, it would be easier to move just right across the hall. Wait a minute, unless you’re thinking about Naked Wednesday’s.
257	Joey	 Thursday’s clearly not good for ya, pick a day!
258		Commercial Break
259	[Scene	 Chandler and Joey's, Joey has The Potential Roommate back for another interview.]
260	Joey	 (opening the door to The Potential Roommate) Hi!
261	The Potential Roommate	 Hi!
262	Joey	 Come in. Thanks for comin’ back, umm, okay there have been a lot of people interested in the room, but I have narrowed it down and you are one of the finalists!
263	The Potential Roommate	 Great!
264	Joey	 Okay now, before I make my final decision I uh, I just want to make sure our personalities match. Okay, so I made up a little test. Now, I’m gonna say a word and then you say the first thing that comes to mind.
265	The Potential Roommate	 I can do that.
266	Joey	 Okay! Here we go. Pillow.
267	The Potential Roommate	 Fight.
268	Joey	 Very good! Okay. G.
269	The Potential Roommate	 String?
270	Joey	 Excellent! Okay umm, doggy.
271	The Potential Roommate	 Kitten?
272	Joey	 Ooh, sorry! No-no-no, so close though, but—bye-bye! (He ushers her out the door.)
273		End
