1	Written by	 Perry Rein & Gigi McCreery Transcribed by
2	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, the gang is there except for Rachel and Ross, who both come storming in. Rachel is still going off about Ross’s secret marriage.]
3	Rachel	 I cannot believe that you didn’t tell me that we are still married!!
4	Ross	 Look I was going to tell you!
5	Rachel	 When?! After the birth of our first secret child?! (To All) Ross didn’t get the annulment; we are still married.
6	Chandler	 What?
7	Monica	 You’re kidding!
8	Phoebe	 (overdoing it) Oh my God!!
9	Monica	 Ross!
10	Ross	 Okay, maybe it wasn’t my best decision. But I just couldn’t face another failed marriage.
11	Chandler	 Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage?
12	Ross	 Rach, come on, if you think about it, it’s actually kinda funny. (He laughs, and he laughs alone.) Okay, maybe it’s best not to think about it.
13	Phoebe	 Okay, this is inexcusable. I am shocked to my very core!
14	Ross	 Phoebe, I told her you already knew.
15	Phoebe	 Another lie. You have a sickness!
16	Chandler	 Ross, just for my own piece of mind, you’re not married to anymore of us are ya?
17		Opening Credits
18	[Scene	 Central Perk, Joey and Monica are at the counter getting some more coffee.]
19	Joey	 Oh! Hey, somebody left their keys. (Looks at them) Ooohh, to a Porsche! {Transcriber’s note
20	Gunther	 Yeah, that’s what I drive. I make four bucks an hour, I saved up for 350 years!
21	Joey	 Na-uh! (To everyone there) Hey did anybody lose their keys?
22	Monica	 Joey, why don’t you put them in the lost and found?
23	Joey	 There’s a lost and found? (Gunther sets the box up on the table.) My shoe! (Grabs it out of the box.)
24	Chandler	 You left a shoe here?!
25	Joey	 Well, I didn’t realize until I got home. I wasn’t gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! Y’know what? I’m gonna go find that guy’s car and leave a note on the windshield. (Goes to do so.)
26	Chandler	 Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I’ll be sure to give him your shoe.
27	Joey	 Great! Thanks. (Exits.)
28	Phoebe	 (coming in from the bathroom) Oh, good, good, you guys are here! Listen, how would like to spend tomorrow taking care of three incredibly cute little puppies?!
29	Monica	 Oh my God, what a fun day! That sounds great!
30	Chandler	 (not enthused) Yeah, all right.
31	Phoebe	 Okay, well I’ll bring them by tomorrow morning. Okay, and uh, by the way, they’re not actually puppies, they’re Frank and Alice’s triplets. Okay, see ya! (Exits.)
32	Chandler	 Whoa-whoa-whoa! What?
33	Phoebe	 (stops) Please! Please! Please! Please! Oh please! Please! Please! Frank and Alice asked me to baby sit the triplets and I’m nervous ‘cause I’ve never done that before by myself!
34	Monica	 Don’t worry about it Phoebe, we’ll absolutely do it.
35	Chandler	 Yeah, I’m gonna pass. ‘Cause I was kinda iffy when it was puppies.
36	Monica	 Come on Chandler, come on! It’ll give us great practice for when—(realizes what she’s about to say and changes)—people with babies come to visit.
37	[Scene	 The street down the block from Central Perk, Joey has found the Porsche and is writing the note.]
38	Guy #1	 Nice car!
39	Joey	 Yeah, it’s not mine.
40	Woman	 (walking up) I love your car.
41	Joey	 Yeah, it’s (looks up and sees the woman) mine.
42	Woman	 I bet it’s fast.
43	Joey	 Me too! Yeah. And comfortable. Do uh, do you like leather seats?
44	Woman	 Yeah!
45	Joey	 (checks in the window to make sure it has them) It’s got ‘em!
46	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe and Rachel are having tea.]
47	Rachel	 So, I still have boxes here. I still have boxes at Ross’s, and I have nowhere to live! Wow. I could so easily freak out right now.
48	Phoebe	 What about me? I just found out that Denise is leaving town for a while, I don’t have a roommate.
49	Rachel	 Well, maybe-maybe I could be your roommate Pheebs.
50	Phoebe	 Maybe you could be my roommate!
51	Rachel	 Well there’s an idea!!
52	Phoebe	 Yeah!
53	Rachel	 That would be great! Wait, how long is Denise gone for?
54	Phoebe	 Umm, she said she’d be back December 26th.
55	Rachel	 December 26th, huh maybe she’s Santa Clause.
56		(Phoebe laughs, then stops to think about it. Ross enters.)
57	Rachel	 (deadpan) Oh look who it is, my husband. The apple of my eye.
58	Ross	 Okay, I got us a court date for tomorrow at 2
59	Rachel	 Well sure, if you say you’re gonna take care of everything I have no reason to doubt you. Give me those forms! (Grabs them from him.) All right, now I’m gonna do this my way and I don’t want to hear a peep out of you!
60	Ross	 Okay Rach, but…
61	Rachel	 Op! You’re peeping!
62		(Ross grunts something and hands her the pen he was trying to hand her.)
63	Rachel	 Ross! Y’know what, I just got—why? Why did you do this?!
64	Ross	 Look I told you…
65	Rachel	 I don’t wanna hear "Three failed marriages!"
66	Ross	 Look, if you’d had two failed marriages, you’d understand!
67	Rachel	 Well, y’know what? Thanks to you I’m half way there! Ugh! Oh! I am so mad! Ross, I don’t think I have ever been this angry!
68	Ross	 What about the time I said we were on a break?
69	Rachel	 Ugh! (Stares at him.)
70	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, the next day, Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe are baby-sitting the triplets. They each have one baby.]
71	Monica	 Pheebs, how’s it going?
72	Phoebe	 (rapidly) I’m doing okay. I think it’s going well. Do you think they’re having fun? Am I talking to fast?
73	Monica	 Nope, sound like me. Pheebs, it’s going great. Look at Chandler with little baby girl Chandler.
74	Chandler	 Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. (Tries to get her to drink a little more from the bottle when he suddenly smells something. It’s times like these I’m glad Smell-O-Vision hasn’t been invented.) Do you know what Pheebs? When you’re done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too. (Phoebe is changing hers.)
75	Phoebe	 Na-uh, no, we are all responsible for our own babies.
76	Chandler	 See that’s where I think that you’re wrong. We’ve been playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.
77	Monica	 What do you mean?
78	Chandler	 I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y’know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around… (He degrades into baby talk, but he means when they grab his finger.)
79	Phoebe	 That sounds really great, but maybe you should be in charge of wiping.
80	Chandler	 Okay, I’m a rookie. I should not be in the end zone.
81		[Time lapse, they have set up a little assembly line for diaper changes. Phoebe wipes, Chandler adds the powder, begrudgingly, and Monica puts the diaper on.]
82	Monica	 This is so great! This is exactly how we set the plates at the restaurant.
83	Phoebe	 Yeah? (Checking the final diaper) Well this is not what I ordered.
84	Joey	 (entering) Hey guys!
85	Chandler	 Hey!
86	Phoebe	 Hey!
87	Joey	 Hey babies! Oh, I’m having the best morning. That uh, that Porsche I’ve got the keys too, still there!
88	Chandler	 Shocking! Since you still have the keys.
89	Joey	 You should see the treatment I get when I’m with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk, and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.
90	Chandler	 What equity investments?
91	Joey	 The ones that got me the Porsche! Will you keep up! (Chandler wipes his forehead with a baby wipe, that might have been used. He drops it disgustedly.) But I figured, if-if people keep seeing me just standing there, they’re gonna start to think that I don’t own it. So I figured I’ll wash it. Right? Monica, you got a bucket and some soap I can borrow?
92	Monica	 Oh yeah, I got soap and sponges and rags and Carnuba wax and polishing compound.
93	Chandler	 You don’t even have a car!
94	Monica	 I know. But umm, one time there was this really dirty car in front of the building, so I washed it.
95	Chandler	 And?
96	Monica	 And six others.
97	Chandler	 There you are.
98	[Scene	 The Porsche, Joey is finishing up washing the car and is talking to a guy about the car.]
99	Joey	 Yeah, she tops out at 130.
100	Guy #2	 Wow!
101	Joey	 And that’s just in the city. I get her up to 160 when I take her upstate.
102	Guy #2	 Really! You got a place upstate?
103	Joey	 Sure!
104	Guy #2	 Well, I’ll see you later.
105	Joey	 Okay, take it easy.
106	The Porsche Owner	 Hey! That’s my car.
107	Joey	 Really? Oh uh, oh just give me five more minutes with it.
108	The Porsche Owner	 What-what are you doing?
109	Joey	 Oh I-I uh, found the keys and now I’m just polishing her up.
110	The Porsche Owner	 But it’s my car!
111	Joey	 Yeah, but it’s my wax.
112	The Porsche Owner	 Listen, I-I-I don’t come to this city much so I don’t know if you’re crazy or this is some kind of street theater, but could I have my keys.
113	Joey	 Sure. Here. (He hands them over.) I’ll uh, save your parking spot.
114	The Porsche Owner	 I’m not coming back.
115	Joey	 Why not?
116	The Porsche Owner	 I live upstate.
117	Joey	 Yeah, so did I.
118		(The guy gets in and drives off.)
119	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, the triplets are all in their crib as Monica and Phoebe watch them.]
120	Phoebe	 I don’t know why I was so nervous about this. And I don’t know why Frank and Alice are always complaining. This is so easy.
121	Monica	 Yeah, two hours, a lifetime that’s the same.
122	Chandler	 (entering) Check it out! Check it out! When the babies wake up, they can meet Krog! (He holds up this Xena-like warrior action figure.)
123	Monica	 Chandler, what are you doing? That thing can put someone’s eye out!
124	Chandler	 He can do more than that! He can destroy the universe!
125	Phoebe	 No Chandler, they can swallow one of those little parts! And also, look at his smooth area, that’s just gonna mess them up.
126	Chandler	 They’re not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass!
127	Phoebe	 What?!
128	Chandler	 Glass, sand, whatever. (Walks out as Monica and Phoebe turn to check on the babies again.)
129	Phoebe	 Oh, look at little Leslie stretching in her sleep.
130	Monica	 Oh it’s so cute. I wonder what age it is when you stop being able to put both legs over your head.
131	Phoebe	 Oh, I can still do that.
132	Monica	 How are you still single?!
133	Chandler	 (entering) All right. (Clears throat) I thought about it and maybe you’re right. Maybe Krog is not a safe toy.
134	Monica	 Good. What made you change your mind?
135	Chandler	 I swallowed the sonic blaster gun.
136	Phoebe	 How did that happen?!!
137	Chandler	 Well, I was trying to prove that I was right. Y’know? And it turns out I was wrong. And now it’s lodged in my throat. (Mimics a cat trying to cough up a hairball.) (He does it again.)
138	Monica	 Damnit! Y’know this whole time we were concentrating on watching the babies and, and no one was watching Chandler! (He does it again.)
139	[Scene	 A judge’s chambers, Rachel and Ross are filing their annulment papers.]
140	Judge	 Okay you two are asking the court for an annulment?
141	Rachel	 Yes your honor, and here are, are forms, all filled out.
142	Judge	 So based on your petition you are seeking an annulment on the grounds that Mr. Geller is mentally unstable.
143	Ross	 Fine, I’m mentally unstable.
144	Judge	 And based on the fact that Mr. Geller is intravenous drug user.
145	Ross	 What?!
146	Rachel	 Uh yes, heroin and crack.
147	Ross	 Crack isn’t even an intravenous drug!
148	Rachel	 Well, you would know.
149	Judge	 Now it also says here that you lied about your sexual preference before marriage?
150	Ross	 Oh, come on!
151	Rachel	 (starts to cry) Ross, please, I found the magazines!
152	Judge	 And finally that you were unable to consummate the marriage. Well, that makes sense since you’re gay and addicted to heroin.
153	Ross	 Okay, I’m sorry, this is insane! I-I-I’m not addicted to heroin, I’m not gay, and there is no problem with my ability to consummate anything! Look, I’ll consummate this marriage right here, right now!
154	Judge	 That won’t be necessary.
155	Ross	 And when we were dating we consummated like bunnies!
156	Rachel	 Ugh!
157	Judge	 Now if you were two involved in a serious relationship, that really creates a problem.
158	Rachel	 Ross! Your honor, rest assured relationship ended like two years ago! (To the stenographer) And could you strike "Consummated like bunnies" from the record?
159	Judge	 Is there, anything in this record that is actually true?
160	Rachel	 Well, yes, we got married in Vegas and uh, and the names I think.
161	Judge	 Well, based on what I heard, you two certainly don’t qualify for an annulment. If you two don’t want to be together you’ll have to file for divorce.
162	Ross	 (stands up) That’s great! Are you happy now? Look what you did with your funny, funny form!
163	Rachel	 (stands up as well) What?! Me?! What about you and your consummated like bunnies nonsense!
164	Ross	 And what—(notices the stenographer is still typing)—What are you typing that for? Did you hear what she said? We don’t get the annulment. Don’t type that! What?! Stop typing! (He goes over to where the stenographer is typing and in the process pushes Rachel out of his way.) Hey! Stop typing! (He’s still typing.) Stop typing! Stop typing!!
165	Rachel	 (to the judge) Okay, do you see, do you see what you’re keeping me married too?!
166	Judge	 You need to get out of my chambers.
167	Rachel	 All right look lady here is the deal, I came here for an annulment and I am not leaving here until I get one!
168	Ross	 Yeah!
169	Judge	 Would you like to spend the night in jail?
170	Rachel	 And thank you for your time. (They both beat a hasty retreat.)
171		Commercial Break
172	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is still doing the hairball thing as Monica and Phoebe are watching the babies. I can’t describe it, you’ll have to see it when it comes on in your area.]
173	Joey	 (entering wearing nothing but Porsche clothes) So the Porsche guy took his car back.
174	Chandler	 But you found the keys to his clothes?
175	Joey	 No. No, I just uh, I just loved the way it feels when everybody thinks I own a Porsche.
176	Monica	 And people will think you own a Porsche because you’re wearing the clothes?
177	Joey	 Of course! Only an idiot would wear this stuff if you didn’t have the car! Right?
178	Chandler	 That is true.
179	Phoebe	 Yeah, but only a genius would swallow a sonic blaster gun.
180	Joey	 Oh, I’ve been there. Yeah, I am gonna go drive my Porsche. (Starts to leave.)
181	Monica	 Joey, you know you don’t actually have one.
182	Joey	 Come on! What are you doing?! I’m in character! Would you talk to her! (Storms out.)
183	Chandler	 Ahh, I think it just moved. It’s really poking me.
184	Monica	 All right, that’s it, we’re going to the emergency room.
185	Phoebe	 What?! No, you can’t, you can’t leave me here with them! We’re baby-sitting!
186	Monica	 The babies are asleep, I’m sure you’ll be okay on your own for a while!
187	Phoebe	 But you-you can’t leave me with them! We-we’re a team! We’re playing a zone! They’re gonna triple team me!
188	Monica	 He’s got something plastic lodged in his throat, we’ve got to go to the hospital.
189	Phoebe	 But no, because a doctor won’t be able to help him, it’s just gonna y’know naturally pass through his system in like seven years.
190	Chandler	 I think that’s gum.
191	Phoebe	 I’m pretty sure it’s gun.
192	Chandler	 Okay, listen this really hurts. Let’s go.
193	Phoebe	 A real man wouldn’t just run to the hospital! (They don’t stop.) No! What would, what would Krog do? (They ignore her and Phoebe is left alone.)
194	[Scene	 The street, Joey is hanging out wearing his Porsche grab.]
195	Joey	 Why isn’t that valet back with my Porsche?
196	Passerby	 Maybe because you’ve got the keys?
197	Joey	 (to women passing him) Porsche.
198		(Ross and Rachel approach, they’re still yelling at each other.)
199	Rachel	 This is totally your fault!
200	Ross	 My fault?! You threatened the judge!
201	Rachel	 Well, you ripped the paper out of the court reporter’s machine!!
202	Ross	 That was the only way I could get him to stop typing!
203	Joey	 Hi! How are the Gellers?
204	Rachel	 Don’t call us that! (Storms away)
205	Ross	 The judge wouldn’t let us get an annulment! Now we gotta get a divorce!! Did a Porsch throw up on you? (Walks on.)
206	Joey	 Hey! It’s Porsche!! (He’s right y’know.)
207	[Scene	 Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is being triple teamed.]
208	Phoebe	 Me taking care of you is no problem, huh? You guys feel safe. Right? Okay, I’m gonna take that spit bubble as, "Yeah, I do!" Okay, after I get rid of this dirty diaper Leslie, I’ll set you up with a clean one. (She throws it at the garbage without looking, misses, and knocks over a vase and flowers, which fall to the floor and break.) Okay, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you. I just have to clean that up. Okay? ‘Cause let’s face it, we’re at Monica’s. (She crawls over, disposes of the diaper, picks up the flowers, and the vase.) I broke it. All right. Well, that’s just the way that goes. (She throws out both the flowers and the vase.) Okay, good. (She turns around and only counts two babies.) Why are there only two of you? Where is Leslie? Well, you can’t answer. (She starts looking for her) Leslie? Where are you Leslie? Leslie, now would be a good time for your first words! (She turns around and finds that Leslie has managed to crawl into the bottom drawer of the TV cabinet.) Well, look at you! Hey! You are a little bit mischievous! My gosh! (She picks her up and notices a surprise is waiting in the drawer.) Oh, you’re a lot mischievous! Well, it’ll dry. (Closes the drawer with her foot.) (To Leslie) Okay, you sit with your brother and sister now—who aren’t there! (They both have disappeared as well.)
209		[Time Lapse, the babies are finally asleep. Good for Phoebe! The only problem is, Monica’s apartment looks like a tornado, a hurricane, a swarm of locusts, fire, brimstone, hail, and giant man-eating, radioactive ants have torn the place apart. Needless to say, it’s messy enough to cause Monica to die of shock right away. Parents with small children know what I’m talking about.]
210	Chandler	 (entering) Hey!
211	Phoebe	 (exhausted) How do you feel?
212	Chandler	 Well, let’s just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.
213	Phoebe	 Okay, so I totally took care of the babies all by myself! I fed ‘em, bathed ‘em, and put ‘em to bed.
214	Chandler	 And protected them from a tornado?
215		(Monica enters and her jaw drops in horror.)
216	Monica	 Oh my God.
217	Phoebe	 I know, the babies are asleep.
218	Monica	 Phoebe, what, what happened here?!
219	Phoebe	 I did it! I took care of the babies all by myself!
220	Monica	 But my apartment!
221	Chandler	 Was the setting of Phoebe’s triumph.
222	Monica	 But the mess!
223	Chandler	 Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies all by herself.
224	Monica	 You’re right, you’re right I shouldn’t freak out. ‘Cause this is what will happen when you and I have babies! When will that be?!
225	Chandler	 (pause) Phoebe, would you take a look at this mess!!!!
226	[Scene	 Ross’s apartment, Rachel is packing what she still has over there as Ross enters.]
227	Rachel	 (deadpan) Oh honey thank God you’re home, I was getting worried.
228	Ross	 I picked up the divorce papers. Uh, I’ve already signed everything and I put little ‘X’s where you need to sign.
229	Rachel	 Oh, little ‘X’s! Great! That makes up for everything!
230	Ross	 Y’know, I-I—you’ve done a lot of stupid stuff too! Okay?
231	Rachel	 Oh, name one stupid thing that is as stupid as this one!
232	Ross	 Okay, how about you flew to London to stop my wedding! Ah, how about you told me you loved me after I was already married!
233	Rachel	 Hey! Wait a minute! That was different! I did those things because I was in love with you!
234	Ross	 Yeah! Right!
235		(Pause.)
236	Ross	 You’re right. That’s very different. So let’s, let’s just sign the papers. All right? (Sits down and Rachel keeps standing there.) What?
237	Rachel	 Nothing. (Sits down.)
238	Ross	 Okay, can we just sign please?
239	Rachel	 Uh-hmm. (Just as Rachel finishes signing her name, Ross yanks each page out of the way.)
240	Ross	 Congratulations. (Gets up to leave.)
241	Rachel	 Okay Ross, we’re—wait a minute. Umm, I uh, I kinda have a little confession.
242	Ross	 What?
243	Rachel	 Well, y’know this whole marriage thing, kinda my idea.
244	Ross	 Excuse me?
245	Rachel	 Well, remember how we were too drunk to remember anything the night we were married?
246	Ross	 Yeah?
247	Rachel	 And uh, yeah, I didn’t really, I didn’t want to say anything, but it kinda it just, it kinda kept coming back to me, and umm, remember we were in the casino and for some reason thought it would be funny to eat a lot of grapes. And uh, and I thought it would be funnier if we got married. So as a, as a compromise we decided first to get married, and then (Ross joins in) to eat a lot of grapes. So umm, sorry I got us into this mess.
248	Ross	 So then if-if—I mean if you think about it, this is all (Pause.) your fault.
249	Rachel	 Yeah, don’t push it though.
250	Ross	 I’ve got to say; I know I divorce a lot of women, never thought I would be divorcing you.
251	Rachel	 I know. I always thought if you and I got married, it would be the one that stuck. And it wouldn’t be a secret, and we wouldn’t have our wedding dinner at Pizza Hut. (They both laugh.)
252	Ross	 Did I, did I even treat?
253	Rachel	 No, it was on the house, it was, it was a newlywed special.
254	Ross	 That may be the most depressing thing I’ve heard in my life. I should probably get these to my lawyer’s office.
255	Rachel	 Hey, thanks Ross, for taking care of all of this.
256	Ross	 Eh, no problem.
257		(They hug.)
258	Rachel	 I’m gonna need a copy of those.
259	Ross	 Totally. (Exits.)
260		Ending Credits
261	[Scene	 The street, Joey is messing with a car cover and still wearing the Porsche stuff. This guy playing street football catches a pass next to the car cover Joey is fooling around with.]
262	Joey	 Hey! Hey! Be careful around my Porsche!
263	Woman	 (the same one from before approaches) Hi Joey.
264	Joey	 Hey! How you doin’?
265	Woman	 (to her friend) He has the most amazing Porsche under there!
266	Joey	 I’d love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She’s sleeping. (The women both laugh) Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink? (Just then the same guy with the football dives to make a catch, lands on the car cover, and collapses it. It turns out that Joey set up a bunch of boxes to make it look like a Porsche.)
267		End
