1	Written by	 Zack Rosenblatt Transcribed by
2	[Scene	 The Building’s Roof, the entire gang plus Tag are there to look for a comet. They’re looking for a comet on a roof of a New York apartment building. Yeah, that’s realistic. You might as well look for the moon on a bright sunny day.]
3	Monica	 (looking up) Ross, when’s this comet thing start?
4	Ross	 Well, technically it started seven billion years ago… (Well, technically you’d be able to see it for days, well nights; that is if you could see it with all of the bright lights of New York.)
5	All	 (groaning) Oh no! Oh no! (They all start to get up and leave.)
6	Ross	 Okay! Okay! Fine, I’ll stop! No teaching, okay? We’ll just watch the pretty light streaking across the sky. (Comets don’t streak across the sky, meteors do.) Okay? Who’s official name is Bapstein-King.
7	All	 Okay! Okay! (They start to leave again.)
8	Phoebe	 (looking up) There it is! Oh, look at that! Isn’t Mother Nature amazing?
9	Chandler	 (looking up with her) That’s a plane!
10	Phoebe	 Well, all right. 1700 bags of peanuts flying that high, that’s pretty amazing too.
11	Tag	 Hey, I wonder if you can see my apartment from up here.
12	Rachel	 No. No, you can’t.
13	Tag	 What?
14	Rachel	 Oh I don’t-I don’t know.
15	Ross	 Man, look at all those stars! (Yeah, you can see what? Five of them from the city?) Infinite space. It really, really makes you wonder, doesn’t it?
16	Joey	 (looking through his binoculars at a nearby building) Y’know what else makes you wonder?
17	Ross	 Huh?
18	Joey	 Check out the rack on this chick! (Turns around to point it out to Ross and finds that Ross is glaring at him. So he quickly puts his binoculars to his eyes and starts looking for the comet.)
19		Opening Credits
20	[Scene	 The Roof, continued from earlier.]
21	Monica	 Okay, we’ve been out here for two hours and we haven’t seen any stupid comets. Can we go now? I mean, Chandler’s getting chilly. (She walks over to where Chandler is bundled up in a big coat and shivering.)
22	Chandler	 (with a quivering voice) No, I’m not!
23	Joey	 Then why are you wearing Monica’s jacket?
24	Chandler	 Because it’s flattering! (Shivers harder) Come on Monica! Come on Monica! (He goes inside.)
25	Rachel	 Yeah actually, I think we’re gonna take off too. We rented a movie.
26	Phoebe	 Oh! I won’t say, ‘no’ to a movie!
27	Rachel	 Uh Pheebs, we just actually kinda wanted to be alone.
28	Phoebe	 Shh! Get me out of here.
29	Rachel	 Oh. (They leave, leaving just Joey and Ross.)
30	Joey	 (whispering) Ross!
31	Ross	 What?
32	Joey	 Come here, check this out!
33	Ross	 What? Is it the comet? (Runs over to where Joey’s standing.)
34	Joey	 No! No-no. Look, there’s a bug stuck in tar right here. (Bends down to get a closer look.)
35	Ross	 Joey come—I can’t believe—I bring you here to see the Bapstein-King comet, one of nature’s most spectacular phenomenon, and all you care about are bugs stuck in tar and-and some woman!
36	Joey	 (standing up) Y’know, there’s two women dude.
37	Ross	 Show me where?
38	Joey	 Right-right up here. (Starts looking at them through a piece of pipe.)
39	Ross	 (noticing the pipe and looking at the door) Joey where’s the pipe that was holding the door open?
40	Joey	 (annoyed) I don’t know! (Goes back to looking through the pipe.) (Pause) Yeah, I do.
41	Ross	 Joey!
42	Joey	 What?! All right—Hey! Don’t look at me! You’re the one who wanted to come up and look for some stupid Burger King comet!
43	Ross	 It’s called the Bapstein-King comet, okay? (Joey starts to groan.) Hey! Hey! Bapstein was a very well respected astronomer!
44	Joey	 (covering his ears and yelling) Oh no! No! No! (He starts banging on the door.)
45	[Scene	 Monica and Chandler’s bedroom, Monica is sleeping and Chandler’s sitting in bed, wide awake.]
46	Chandler	 (whispering) Monica!
47	Monica	 She’s sleeping.
48	Chandler	 I know, just quick-quick question, quick question. Which one was Deep Impact and which one was Armageddon?
49	Monica	 Deep Impact was the one with Robert Duval, Armageddon is what’s going to happen to you if you wake me up.
50	Chandler	 Sorry, I just…can’t sleep. Ooh! (Turns on the light and Monica groans.) Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I’m like…(Fake snores.)
51	Monica	 It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin.
52	Chandler	 What?! (Monica kicks him in the shin.) Ow! (He gets out of bed and heads into the living room.)
53	[Scene	 Phoebe's apartment, there is a beeping noise coming from the living room and Phoebe sleepily goes to investigate.]
54	Phoebe	 (crossing her fingers and closing her eyes) Please don’t be a space ship. Please don’t be a space ship. (She turns on the light and looks around and finds that it’s the smoke detector that’s beeping.) Oh thank God! (She moves a chair over and starts to investigate how to make the beeping turn off, in frustration she yanks the thing off of the wall. She sets it down and heads for bed, just as she gets there it beeps again. She opens the cover and removes the battery, but it still beeps.) How could you be beeping?! I just disconnected you! I took out your battery! How can…
55	Smoke Detector	 Beep!
56	Phoebe	 Don’t interrupt me!!
57	[Scene	 The Roof, Ross and Joey are banging on the door.]
58	Ross	 Rachel!! Monica!!
59	Joey	 Come on!
60		(Ross gets fed up with Joey’s banging and stops him by pulling him away from the door.)
61	Ross	 I can’t believe this!!
62	Joey	 All right well, y’know…I guess we know what we have to do to get down.
63	Ross	 (standing at the edge of the roof) Yeah, I guess we don’t have a choice. (Screaming to the street) Help us! Please help us! We’re stuck up on the roof and we can’t get down!!!
64	Joey	 Ross. I was thinking we could just go down the fire escape. (Points it out.)
65	Ross	 (To Joey) I know, I wasn’t finished. (Joey motions him to finish.) (Yelling at the street) But don’t worry! We’re gonna go down the fire escape!!
66	[Scene	 Monica and Chandler's kitchen, Chandler has a jug of milk in his hands and decides to make some warm milk. He opens up the cabinet to get a pot and manages to knock several other pots onto the floor making a lot of noise.]
67	Chandler	 Shhhhhhhhh!!! (Monica enters) I’m sorry, I thought maybe I’d make some warm milk and it would help me sleep.
68	Monica	 With a wok? (Chandler’s holding a wok.) I thought you were going to read my boring book to put you asleep.
69	Chandler	 It got interesting! Damn you Oprah!
70	Monica	 Here, let me make the milk, I’m up anyway.
71	Chandler	 Hey, y’know what we can do? Y’know, now that we are up? We can just like talk to each other all night long, y’know like we did when we were first going out. It’d be fun!
72	Monica	 Okay that does sound like fun.
73	Chandler	 Okay, so how bummed were you when the second sister died huh?
74	Monica	 The second sister dies?!
75	Chandler	 (Pause) No. No, I-I was, I was talking about the book I was reading.
76	Monica	 The second sister dies in Archie and Jughead Double Digest?
77	Chandler	 That’s correct.
78	[Scene	 Joey and Rachel's, Rachel and Tag are making out on the couch.]
79	Rachel	 You wanna go in the bedroom? It’s a little more comfortable.
80	Tag	 Sure.
81	Rachel	 Okay. (They start to head for the bedroom) Oh wait! Umm, did you send those contracts to Milan?
82	Tag	 If this is your idea of sexy talk? (Shakes his head that it’s not working.)
83	Rachel	 No seriously, y’know the contracts I gave you, did you overnight them?
84	Tag	 What contracts?
85	Rachel	 Okay please tell me that this is just one of your jokes that you do that I don’t get.
86	Tag	 Like what?
87	Rachel	 Y’know, like the thing when you put the phone in your pants? (He starts laughing.) Tag! I’m serious! This isn’t funny! Those contracts absolutely had to go out today!
88	Tag	 Rach, I’m sorry, but you didn’t give me any contracts!
89	Rachel	 Yes I did! And I put a little Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today," and underlined today three times and, and then I put a little heart in the corner because I didn’t want to seem too bossy.
90	Tag	 I’m telling you, you never gave them to me.
91	Rachel	 Y’know what Tag, if we went down to the office you would see those contracts sitting on your desk.
92	Tag	 No, I would see you looking embarrassed because they are not on my desk!
93	Rachel	 Or maybe you would see me looking embarrassed because you are talking on the phone with your crotch!
94	Tag	 You wanna go down to the office right now?
95	Rachel	 No! Come on its late, we’re not gonna go down to the office.
96	Tag	 Okay I understand. (Sits down.) I wouldn’t want to be proved wrong either.
97	Rachel	 Okay get your coat! (They get their coats and start to leave. Rachel suddenly stops and sticks her hand up the back of her shirt.) Oh! When did you unhook this? (Her bra.) Nice work!
98	[Scene	 The Fire Escape, Joey and Ross have reached the last landing. Joey is tugging on the ladder that extends to the ground, but it won’t budge.]
99	Joey	 All right, it won’t go down any further. It’s stuck.
100	Ross	 Ugh. Well, we’re just gonna have to jump. (Joey looks at him.) Yeah. Now, we’re gonna have to make sure to land to the right of that patch of ice, okay? Not hit the dumpster on the other side and uh, and try to avoid that-that weird brownish red stuff in the middle. So, when you get down there…you go up to the roof and you let me in.
101	Joey	 Oh whoa-whoa wait a minute! I have to do it?!
102	Ross	 Yeah! Oh yeah, you’ll be fine! It-it’ll be uh, just like bungy jumping. Y’know? But instead of bouncing back up you-you won’t.
103	Joey	 What if I smack my head on the concrete?
104	Ross	 Well, I’m not gonna lie to you Joey, it’s a possibility.
105	Joey	 (looks at the ground and at Ross) I don’t know Ross! I-I tell you what, let’s flip to see who does it, okay? You-you call it in the air, all right?
106	Ross	 Oh, all right. (Joey flips the coin.) Tails! (The coin bounces off of the landing above them and falls to the ground.) Can you-can you see what it is?
107	Joey	 No.
108	Ross	 Okay. Well, you be careful.
109	Joey	 What? No! No Ross! No-no! Stop! I’m not jumping! Okay, look I have an audition tomorrow and I can’t go if I break my leg.
110	Ross	 Well I’m not jumping! I have a son! Okay? He won’t have a father if-if I die!
111	Joey	 Well all right so, it looks like we’re even!
112	[Scene	 Phoebe's apartment, Phoebe is still investigating the smoke detector trying to figure out how to stop the beeping.]
113	Phoebe	 Okay. So, this wire is connected to this wire which plugs into here. (She points at each as she says it.) Okay so, to get the beeping to stop all I have to do… (She picks up a shoe and proceeds to pummel the smoke detector. She then gets up and heads to bed, stops, quickly turns around, and is satisfied that the beeping has stopped.) Well done, Pheebs. (She resumes her trek to bed, but is stopped at the entrance to the hallway by the now steady and extremely loud tone emanating from the smoke detector.) (Yelling.) What do you want from me?!!!!!!!
114	[Scene	 Monica and Chandler's bedroom, Monica is entering with a mug.]
115	Monica	 Okay, here’s your milk. What do you want to talk about? (She sees that Chandler has fallen asleep and slams the door loudly to wake him up.)
116	Chandler	 (startled) What? What? What?
117	Monica	 Ohh! Ohhhh! Were you sleeping sweetie? I’m sorry. Here. (Hands the mug of milk to him.)
118	[Scene	 Rachel’s Outer Office, Tag and her are arriving.]
119	Tag	 Okay! Feel free to look, but I’m telling you those contracts are not on this desk.
120	Rachel	 Oh how can you possibly know? Look at this mess, Tag! I mean, this is what I’m talking about! You have to be organized! You’ve got newspapers! You’ve got magazines! You got—Ohh! (Finds a picture.) And who is this chippy? A little young for you Tag, but whatever.
121	Tag	 It’s my sister.
122	Rachel	 Okay, very cute braces. Anyway y’know what, the point is Tag, start looking because you are going to find those contracts on your desk. (She goes into her office.)
123	Tag	 So when do you imagine you gave them to me? In the morning or in the afternoon?
124	Rachel	 In the afternoon. Mr. Zelner came into my office after lunch. He put them on my desk, and then I put a Post-It on it (Looks down onto her desk and finds the folder with the Post-It on it that contains the contracts she imagined she gave Tag) that said, "Must go out today." So you just keep looking in there! All right?
125		Commercial Break
126	[Scene	 Rachel’s outer office, Tag has finished searching his desk and Rachel comes out to try to plant the folder on the desk.]
127	Tag	 It’s not here.
128	Rachel	 Puzzler. A bit of a puzzle. Why don’t you um, check the copy room, maybe you left the contracts in there?
129	Tag	 How could I have left them in the copy room?
130	Rachel	 I don’t know Tag! How can your genitals make phone calls? Okay? It’s not a perfect world! Just go please.
131	Tag	 Fine.
132	Rachel	 Thank you. (He leaves and she proceeds to plant the folder in his bottom drawer. She then picks up the phone and holds it to her breasts.) Hello? (Hangs up the phone.) I still don’t get it.
133	[Scene	 Monica and Chandler's bedroom, Chandler has his eyes closed, while Monica is fully awake.]
134	Monica	 Are you still awake?
135	Chandler	 Yeah! You?
136	Monica	 You do know that was me who just said that right? (He doesn’t respond and she turns on the light, waking him.) Hey. As long as we’re both up…
137	Chandler	 (intrigued) Yeah? (Monica nods yes.) I hope you’re not thinking about cleaning the living room.
138	[Scene	 The fire escape, Joey and Ross are still trying to figure out how to get down.]
139	Joey	 Man, I’m starving! What the hell was I thinking at dinner?! "Do you want soup or salad?" Both! Always order both!
140	Ross	 (looking in the window behind them) Y’know, y’know I’m lookin’ and I don’t think anyone’s home here. I say we just break the window, crawl through, and-and y’know explain later.
141	Joey	 Yeah? Really? No one’s home?
142	Ross	 I don’t think so. Hello? (Knocks on the glass, which angers the big, large, angry dog behind the glass and causes them to jump to the other side of the landing.) When you get in there… (Joey nods his disapproval.)
143	[Scene	 Phoebe’s apartment building, in desperation she has wrapped up the smoke detector in a blanket and is going to throw it into the trash chute.]
144	Phoebe	 Okay, this is where you and I part ways. (She drops the blanket into the chute.) Noisy bitch!
145	[Scene	 Monica and Chandler's bedroom, Chandler is turning on the light to awaken a now sleeping Monica.]
146	Monica	 What?! What are you doing?!
147	Chandler	 Do you know what just happened?
148	Monica	 Yeah. We-we had sex and then we fell asleep.
149	Chandler	 No. We were in the middle of sex…and you fell asleep.
150	Monica	 Nooo! No, that’s not true. No, best time ever! Yeah, you rocked my world! (She turns out the light to go back to sleep.)
151	Chandler	 (turning the light back on) Monica?
152	Monica	 What?!
153	Chandler	 I was giving you some of my best moves, and you missed it. So please wake up so we can do it right!
154	Monica	 Okay. Okay, I’m ready. Come on big fella!
155	Chandler	 Okay.
156	Monica	 Give me the good stuff.
157	Chandler	 Yeah! (Monica falls asleep) No! No! No! Don’t fall asleep! Okay, I am going to make you some coffee. (Monica doesn’t move as he gets out of bed and as he’s heading for the door.) And I probably won’t spill coffee grounds all over the kitchen floor.
158	Monica	 Okay, I’m up! I’m up!
159	[Scene	 Rachel’s outer office, she’s returning with two coffee cups in hand to find Tag sitting there.]
160	Rachel	 Hi! I got you some coffee. To, uh… (She looks for a place to set it on his messy desk and he clears a spot for her to set it down.) …fair enough. So! Do you got anything for me?
161	Tag	 Still no luck.
162	Rachel	 Oh my God! Did you check your entire desk! Did you check all the drawers!
163	Tag	 Do you want me to check again?
164	Rachel	 Well yeah, I wish that you would. (He opens the top drawer.) Well, no it’s not in there! (Closes it.) How about that drawer? (She points to the bottom one and he opens it. She doesn’t see the folder she planted and bends over to check.)
165	Tag	 Well, it’s not out here. Is there any chance it could be in your office?
166	Rachel	 (thinks) Y’know, I don’t-I don’t know. Let me, let me check. (As she heads for her office, she stops glances over her shoulder at Tag, looks into her office, and finds the folder on her desk.)
167	Tag	 (smirking) Any luck?
168	Rachel	 Can I see you in my office for a minute?
169	Tag	 (entering) Yeah? (She holds up the folder) You found them!! (Rachel is not amused, because she’s still going to try to blame him for her mistake like every ‘good’ boss.) Y’know what? I’m not even going to gloat. I’m just really relieved this whole thing is over.
170	Rachel	 You put these on my desk!
171	Tag	 I did not!
172	Rachel	 Oh really? So you’re saying they just slid out of your bottom drawer, crawled across the floor, then jumped on to my desk?! (I think Dogbert should have a line here.)
173	Tag	 How did you know they were in my bottom drawer?
174	Rachel	 (pause as she realizes her lame attempt to shift the blame has failed) I am so hot for you right now.
175	[Scene	 Phoebe's apartment, there is someone pounding on the door and Phoebe sleepily walks over and answers it. As she nears the door, the pounding stops and she can hear the smoke detector’s wail.]
176	Phoebe	 Oh my God! How did you get back here?!
177	A Disembodied Voice	 (yelling through the door) Phoebe Buffay?!
178	Phoebe	 (scared) Fire alarm? (She opens the door to reveal a fireman holding the blanket with the smoke detector.) Oh! Hi, officer—fireman, can-can I help you?
179	The Fireman	 We found your fire alarm in the trash chute.
180	Phoebe	 That’s not mine.
181	The Fireman	 Yes it is.
182	Phoebe	 How do you know?
183	The Fireman	 The next time you want to dump a fire alarm in a trash chute, don’t wrap it in a blanket that says, "Property of Phoebe Buffay not Monica."
184	Phoebe	 Okay do you—Okay, do you have a search warrant? Because the last time I checked this was still America!
185	The Fireman	 Please reattach this, it’s against the law to disconnect them.
186	Phoebe	 Fine! (She takes the blanket.) But please God; tell me how to stop them from going off!
187	The Fireman	 There’s a reset button under the plastic cover.
188	Phoebe	 There’s a reset button?! Ugh, thank you! Thank you! (He exits and she goes to shut it off.) There’s a reset button! My God! Why didn’t I see that! (She takes off the plastic cover and looks for the button.) Reset button, reset button, where is there a reset button? (Finds it.) Oh here it is! (Picks it up off of the floor.) Oh! (She presses it hard, but of course it would help if the button was still attached to the detector. In frustration she presses it so hard it causes pain in her thumb.) Ohh, God!
189	[Scene	 The fire escape, Joey is now hanging off of the bottom rung of the ladder that won’t move and Ross is watching from above.]
190	Ross	 Okay, do-do you have a good grip?
191	Joey	 Yeah!
192	Ross	 Okay, I’m going to start climb down you now.
193	Joey	 All right! Just hurry up!
194	Ross	 Okay. Now-now-now should I climb down your front so we’re face to face or-or should I climb down your back so we’re-we’re butt to face.
195	Joey	 I think face to face.
196	Ross	 I would say that.
197	Joey	 Face to face, yeah!
198	Ross	 Okay, here I go.
199	Joey	 All right.
200		(Ross steps onto the bottom rung of the ladder and then steps on Joey’s chest.)
201	Joey	 (grunting) Oh my… How much do you weigh Ross?!
202	Ross	 I prefer not to answer that right now, I’m still carrying a little holiday weight.
203		(Ross continues to climb down. He puts his other foot further down on Joey’s torso, but that doesn’t work very well and he’s forced to wrap his legs around Joey. Which then forces Joey to get a nice and close view of Ross’s crotch.)
204	Joey	 Y’know, when we talked about face to face, I don’t think we thought it all the way through.
205	Ross	 So what do you want me to do?
206	Joey	 Well, just shimmy down me and drop!
207		(Ross continues his trek south, and when they get face to face.)
208	Ross	 Hi.
209	Joey	 Hi.
210	Ross	 (looking down) M-maybe I should hang and you can climb down me.
211	Joey	 (angrily) Yeah? Maybe we should talk about that for a little while!
212	Ross	 It’s still looks pretty far!
213	Joey	 It’s not that far! Just drop!
214	Ross	 Do not rush me!!
215		(Ross continues south and his now wrapped around Joey’s legs.)
216	Joey	 Ross, you should know that my pants are startin’ to come down and I’m not wearing any underwear!
217		(Ross panics and falls off, dropping to the ground with a huge crash.)
218	Ross	 Oww!! My ankle! I really hurt my ankle! I think I twisted it when I—Ooh, a quarter!
219		Ending Credits
220	[Scene	 Monica and Chandler's bedroom, they’re cuddling.]
221	Monica	 That really was some of your best work.
222	Chandler	 Hm-hmm, I told you! (Looks at the clock) I can’t believe that I’ve only got two hours before I call in sick for work.
223	Monica	 I have to be up in seven minutes.
224	Chandler	 Well, you’re not gonna believe this, but if you have seven minutes…
225	Monica	 Really?!
226	Chandler	 Do you wanna?
227	Monica	 Okay! You get the vacuum cleaner and I’ll get the furniture polish!
228		(She runs off leaving a stunned Chandler behind.)
229		End
