1	Written by	 Sherry Bilsing-Graham & Ellen Plummer Directed by
2	[Scene	 Monica and Chandler's, Monica and Chandler are entering carrying groceries and find Phoebe already there standing in front of a huge object that has been gift wrapped.]
3	Phoebe	 Hey! I got you a present!!
4	Chandler	 Oh my goodness! Where did you hide it?
5	Phoebe	 I got it for your wedding and I ordered it weeks ago, and it finally got here!
6	Chandler	 Pheebs you didn’t have to get us anything for our wedding you already sang…
7	Monica	 (interrupting) I love it! It’s huge!! Let’s open it! Open it!! (Monica rips open the paper.)
8	Phoebe	 It’s a Ms. Pac-Man machine!!
9	Monica	 Oh my God!
10	Phoebe	 I didn’t know where to put it so I just left it here for now.
11	Monica	 Oh well, maybe we can put it in the guest bedroom.
12	Chandler	 Oh, okay.
13	Monica	 All right. (He goes to push it and it doesn’t move.)
14	Chandler	 I kinda like it here.
15	Phoebe	 Do you really like it?
16	Monica	 Are you kidding?! I practically spent my entire childhood at the arcade! This is like—Oh my, this is like my second favorite game!
17	Phoebe	 Oh really? What was your first?
18	Monica	 Well I-I really don’t remember the name of it.
19	Chandler	 Well what did it do?
20	Monica	 Well, you just—you put a quarter in and y’know pull-pull some handles and win like a candy bar or something.
21	Chandler	 A vending machine?
22	Monica	 Don’t feel bad for me! I won like every time!
23		Opening Credits
24	[Scene	 Central Perk, Joey and Rachel are there as Ross enters.]
25	Ross	 Hey! Oh, I’m so glad you guys are here. I’ve been dying to tell someone what happened in the Paleontology department today.
26	Joey	 (To Rachel) Do you think he saw us or can we still sneak out?
27	Ross	 Professor Neuman, the head of the department, so….
28	Rachel	 They made you head of the department!
29	Ross	 No, I get to teach one of his advanced classes! (Pause) Why didn’t I get head of the department? (Goes and gets some coffee.)
30	Joey	 Oh! Hey Rach, listen umm…
31	Rachel	 Yeah.
32	Joey	 I got a big date coming up, do you know a good restaurant?
33	Rachel	 Uh, Paul’s Caf�. They got great food and it’s really romantic.
34	Joey	 Ooh, great! Thanks!
35	Rachel	 Yeah! Oh, and then afterwards you can take her to the Four Seasons for drinks. Or you go downtown and listen to some jazz. Or dancing—Oh! Take her dancing!
36	Joey	 You sure are naming a lot of ways to postpone sex, I’ll tell ya…
37	Rachel	 Ooh, I miss dating. Gettin’ all dressed up and going to a fancy restaurant. I’m not gonna be able to do that for so long, and it’s so much fun! I mean not that sitting at home worrying about giving birth to a sixteen pound baby is not fun.
38	Joey	 Hey, y’know what?
39	Rachel	 Huh?
40	Joey	 Why don’t I take you out?
41	Rachel	 What?! Joey, you don’t want to go on a date with a pregnant lady.
42	Joey	 Yes I do! And we’re gonna go out, we’re gonna have a good time, and take your mind off of childbirth and c-sections and-and giant baby heads stretching out…
43	Rachel	 (interrupting) Okay! I’ll go with ya! I’ll go! I’ll go with ya.
44	Joey	 I’ll be fun.
45	Rachel	 All right?
46	[Scene	 Monica and Chandler's, Monica is watching Phoebe play Ms. Pac-Man.]
47	Phoebe	 No. No! Yes! Ahh. Oh, would you look at that Monica? I just knocked off all of your top scores, how sad.
48	Monica	 Okay, I’m next. (Phoebe starts another game.) Don’t! Don’t start another game! I said I’m next! Phoebe!
49	Phoebe	 Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t hear you over all the winning.
50	Monica	 Chandler! Phoebe’s hogging the game!
51	Chandler	 Who cares? It’s a stupid game.
52	Monica	 You only think it’s stupid because you suck at it.
53	Chandler	 I don’t suck. It’s sucks. You suck.
54	Phoebe	 Wait okay, if this game is gonna cause problems between the two of you, then maybe I should just keep it.
55	Monica	 No! No-no! I love it! It is a great present! In fact, why don’t you go home and wait for the thank you card?
56	Chandler	 Why do you want to play this game so bad?
57	Phoebe	 Yeah! It’s not like it spits out a Clark bar after every game.
58	Monica	 Okay. Phoebe that’s it. Come on, get out—out of the chair. Get out! (She goes to move Phoebe, but Phoebe goes limp and Monica can’t move her.) Oh come…Phoebe!
59	[Scene	 Joey and Rachel's, Rachel is getting ready for her date with Joey as there is a knock on the door.]
60	Rachel	 Joey? Could you get that? (There is no answer and she goes and opens the door to Joey.) What are you doing here? I thought you were in your room?
61	Joey	 No, I’m picking you up for our date. These are for you. (Hands her some flowers.)
62	Rachel	 Ohh, Lilies. Joey, they’re my favorite. Thank you.
63	Joey	 And, a brownie! (Hands her a bag with the brownie in it.) Well, half a brownie. Actually, it’s just bag. It’s been a long walk from the flower shop and I was startin’ to feel faint so…
64	Rachel	 Oh man! This is so great! I actually feel like I’m going on a real date! Although, I have a hint of morning sickness, and I’m wearing underwear that goes up to about…(She snaps the waistband on her underwear that is just slightly below her breasts)…there.
65	Joey	 Hey come on now, this is a real date. Uh, so…nice place you got here. Foosball, huh? Pizza box. Oh, a subscription to Playboy, my kind of woman.
66	Rachel	 Yeah, actually that’s my roommate’s.
67	Joey	 I would like to meet him. He sounds like a stand up guy.
68	Rachel	 Ah yes, but he’s very protective of me so you’d better watch yourself.
69	Joey	 Ah… Hey, so this roommate of yours…is he good looking?
70	Rachel	 Hm-mmm.
71	Joey	 Oh yeah, it must be tough to keep your hands of him, huh?
72	Rachel	 (laughs) Yeah, but I’m pretty sure he’s gay.
73	Joey	 No-no-no-no, he’s not! No! Why are you trying to ruin the game? Come on!
74	[Scene	 N.Y.U, Ross is teaching a class.]
75	Ross	 …which brings us back, of course, to Greely’s theory of dominance. (The bell rings.) Okay, that-that’s all for today. Oh, uh does anyone know where the Freeman building is?
76	Student	 Yeah, it’s the new building on Avenue A.
77	Ross	 What?! That-that’s all the way cross town, I’m supposed to teach a graduate seminar there in ten minutes.
78	Student	 Ooh, dude. That’s not gonna happen.
79		(Ross grabs his things and runs to the door only to be blocked by his exiting students.)
80	Ross	 Move it! Move it! Move it!! Hey!!! I’m the teacher!!
81	[Scene	 The Freeman Building, Ross is entering his new class completely out of breath.]
82	Ross	 Hello. (He throws his jacket towards the coat rack and misses.) I’m sorry I’m a little late. Ah—(Checks his watch)—Whoa! A lot late. Let me start by uh, by introducing myself, I am Professor Geller. (The bell rings.) So to sum up, I’m Professor Geller. Good job today.
83	[Scene	 A Restaurant, a waitress is taking Joey and Rachel’s dinner order.]
84	Rachel	 Now the filet mignon, what comes with that?
85	Waitress	 There’s a side of steamed vegetables.
86	Rachel	 Emmm. Now, instead of the vegetables, is there anyway I can substitute the three-pound lobster?
87	Joey	 Y’know what? Bring her both, and I’ll have the same. (The waitress leaves.)
88	Rachel	 Wow! This is shaping up to be a pretty good date—Oh, I almost forgot. I didn’t pay you the rent check.
89	Joey	 Oh whoa-whoa-whoa, no roommate stuff. Okay? We’re on a date.
90	Rachel	 Okay. Wow! So I get to see what Joey Tribbiani is like on a date. So do you have any moves?
91	Joey	 No! No. Umm, just myself and if they don’t like me for—(Laughs.) I’m sorry I couldn’t even get through that.
92	Rachel	 I knew it! I knew it. Come on tell me your moves.
93	Joey	 Oh alright. Umm, well, okay, I usually start by having a bottle of wine sent to my table from a fan.
94	Rachel	 Oh my God. And that works?!
95	Joey	 Well it does when you combine it with, "This is so embarrassing, I just want to have a normal life!"
96	Rachel	 Oh, you poor little famous man.
97	Joey	 Oh okay, how about this one. I was gonna wait until the end of the night to kiss you, but you’re so beautiful…I don’t think I can.
98	Rachel	 (looks interested) Oh my God! Wow! That was fantastic, I almost leaned in. I really almost did!
99	Joey	 Alright, so…so tell me one of your moves.
100	Rachel	 Alright. So where’d you grow up?
101	Joey	 That’s your move? Boy Rach, you’re lucky you’re hot.
102	Rachel	 Come on, just answer the question!
103	Joey	 (exasperated) Queens.
104	Rachel	 And so were-were you close to your parents?
105	Joey	 Yeah, with my mom. Yeah, not so much with my dad.
106	Rachel	 Why not?
107	Joey	 I don’t know. I guess there’s just always been this distance y’know—I mean we both try to pretend it’s not there, but it is.
108	Rachel	 (sympathetic) Oh. (Starts rubbing his wrist with her fingers.) It’s gotta be rough.
109	Joey	 Yeah, it is. It’s really tough. Y’know sometimes I think—Wow!! Nice move!
110	Rachel	 Huh?
111	Joey	 "Where’d you grow up," it’s so simple!
112	Rachel	 Thank you! And now if you’ll excuse me, I have to go to the rest room.
113	Joey	 Yeah.
114		(Rachel gets up and heads for the rest room.)
115	Rachel	 And now you’re watching me walk away.
116	Joey	 Yes I am! Again so simple!
117	[Scene	 Monica and Chandler's, Monica is entering to find Chandler playing Ms. Pac-Man.]
118	Monica	 Hey.
119	Chandler	 You are not going to believe what I did today!
120	Monica	 Well it clearly wasn’t showering or shaving.
121	Chandler	 I got good. I played this game all day and now I rule at it! They should change the name of it to Ms. Chandler. (Pause) Although I-I hope they don’t.
122	Monica	 Wait a minute, you stayed home all day and played Ms. Pac-Man while I went off to work like some kind of chump?!
123	Chandler	 Uh-huh, and I got all the top ten scores, I erased Phoebe off the board! High five! (Holds up his hand to give Monica a high five, only he can’t straighten his fingers.)
124	Monica	 What is the matter with your hand?
125	Chandler	 Well I’ve been playing it for like eight hours, it’ll loosen up. Come on, check out the scores. Oh, and also look at the initials, they’re dirty words.
126	Monica	 Chandler, why would you do that?
127	Chandler	 Because it’s awesome.
128	Monica	 You think this is clever?
129	Chandler	 Well y’know, they only give you three letters, so after A-S-S it is a bit of a challenge.
130	Monica	 Hey wait a minute, this one isn’t dirty.
131	Chandler	 It is when you put it together with that one.
132	Monica	 Ah, well if you don’t clear this off, you won’t be getting one of those from me. But Ben’s coming over here tomorrow to play this game, this can’t be there.
133	Chandler	 Come on, he won’t even know what they mean.
134	Monica	 Chandler! He’s seven; he’s not stupid.
135	Chandler	 Have you talked to him lately?
136	Monica	 All right, look I’m just gonna unplug it.
137	Chandler	 No-no-no, if you unplug it, I’ll have nothing to show for my day! It would be like I was at work. (She unplugs it.) No! (And plugs it back in.) Hey look at that! Look at that, it’s still there! This thing must have some kind of primitive ROM (Read Only Memory, it’s a memory chip.) Chip in it or something!
138	Monica	 Honey you-you got to beat your scores!
139	Chandler	 With the claw?!
140	Monica	 All right fine. Fine, I’ll do it. I’ve just got to get this off the screen. Carol and Susan are still upset that you taught him pull my finger.
141	Chandler	 (smiles) Pull my finger—(Looks at his hand)—My hand is messed up.
142	[Scene	 Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Rachel are returning from their date.]
143	Rachel	 I am not gonna answer that!
144	Joey	 Oh come on! Just pick one! Between Monica, Phoebe, Chandler, and Ross if you had to, if you had to, who would you punch?
145	Rachel	 No one! They are my friends, I wouldn’t punch any of them.
146	Joey	 Chandler?
147	Rachel	 Yeah, but I don’t know why. Look at me, I’m having such a wonderful time!
148	Joey	 Me too! Hey Rach, can I just say I think this is the best date I ever had!
149	Rachel	 I know!
150	Joey	 I never laughed so hard—Did you see the wine come out of my nose?
151	Rachel	 Joey, I think everyone saw the wine come out of your nose.
152	Joey	 I gotta say, I never knew I could enjoy the non-sex part of the date so much.
153	Rachel	 Well that is because you have never been on a date with me before.
154	Joey	 Huh. Huh.
155	Rachel	 All right, now don’t judge me. I normally wait until my date leaves, but you live here. I’m ripping into this swan.
156	Joey	 Ah! Okay, well then you don’t judge me. I’m gonna suck on the cellophane from the brownie I had before. (They both do as they planned.)
157	Rachel	 So tell me, what are Joey Tribbiani’s end of the night moves?
158	Joey	 Ah, well, if I want the girl to kiss me, first thing I do is make my lips look irresistible.
159	Rachel	 How do you do that?
160	Joey	 Now you can’t tell anyone, but uh…I put on shiny lip balm.
161	Rachel	 Oh my God!
162	Joey	 Yeah, like a moth to a flame, I’m telling ya. Okay all right, so now you go.
163	Rachel	 No, I don’t want to tell you.
164	Joey	 Why not?
165	Rachel	 Because it’s embarrassing.
166	Joey	 More embarrassing than shiny raspberry lip balm?! (Rachel just looks at him.) I didn’t say raspberry before did I? All right just-just tell me Rach, just tell me!
167	Rachel	 (laughs) Okay. All right, stand up. (They do so.) Well, when we’re at the door, I lightly press my lips against his, and then move into his body just for a second, and then I make this sound, "Hmmm." Okay, I know it doesn’t sound like anything, but I swear it works.
168	Joey	 (stunned and turned on) Yeah. Why—Yeah, that would work for ya…
169	Rachel	 All right, I gotta go to bed. Honey, I had such a wonderful time.
170	Joey	 Oh. (She kisses him.) Yeah. (She goes into her room.) Me to. (He then starts to freak out.)
171		Commercial Break
172	[Scene	 Central Perk, Ross is telling Rachel about his class location predicament.]
173	Rachel	 …you were 50 minutes late to the class, what did you crawl there?!
174	Ross	 No, I ran. It was really far, and when did people stop understanding the phrase, "Get the hell out of my way!"
175	Rachel	 Well, why didn’t you just take a cab?
176	Ross	 Ugh, between the traffic that time of day and all the one-way streets it’ll take me twice as long. Besides, I teach the class three times a week, who am I? Rockefeller?
177	Rachel	 Well you’re not gonna be able to keep doing this.
178	Ross	 Well I have to. Okay? If I don’t, they’ll take the class away from me. And…I already put it in my family newsletter.
179	Rachel	 You what?
180	Ross	 You’ve seen it, the Geller Yeller.
181	Rachel	 Right. Wow!
182	Ross	 Besides, I-I think I figured out a much faster route, I’m sure I can make it this time. I just…I just can’t be afraid to get a little bit…hit by cars. (He goes to the bathroom as Joey enters.)
183	Joey	 Hey!
184	Rachel	 Hi! Hey, remember how last night we were talking about that movie Cujo?
185	Joey	 Oh yeah, I still can’t believe you haven’t seen Cujo. What is wrong with you?
186	Rachel	 Relax! It’s not like it’s Citizen Kane!
187	Joey	 Have you ever tried to sit through Citizen Kane?
188	Rachel	 Yeah I know it’s really boring, but it’s like a big deal. Anyway, I was thinking about renting Cujo sometime.
189	Joey	 Oh yeah? All right, let’s do it tonight.
190	Rachel	 Well don’t you have that big date tonight?
191	Joey	 Oh right!
192	Rachel	 Hey Joey, can I ask you something?
193	Joey	 Yeah.
194	Rachel	 After our date last night, did you feel a little weird?
195	Joey	 Oh my God! You did too? It totally freaked me out, what was that?!
196	Rachel	 I don’t know! (Pause) I’m-I’m kinda thinking it-it was the lobster…
197	Joey	 Oh yeah-yeah, the lobster.
198	Rachel	 Yeah, I mean I was up sick all night.
199	Joey	 Yeah me too, all night.
200	Rachel	 Really?! How come we didn’t cross paths?
201	Joey	 Yeah well that’s because uh…I stayed in my room. Yeah, you don’t want to look in my hamper.
202	[Scene	 Monica and Chandler's, Monica is trying to erase Chandler’s dirty words while he looks on.]
203	Monica	 Okay, I got that. I’ll escape over there. I’ll come back over here. All right, come on Ms. Pac-Man. It’s got—Right—(She dies.) Well, you’re just a little bitch, aren’t you?
204	Phoebe	 (entering) Hey, you guys. Listen, I’m sorry that I was hogging the game before—(Sees the top ten list)—Oh my God! Your friends have some unfortunate initials!
205	Monica	 They’re all Chandler.
206	Phoebe	 Chandler sucks! He couldn’t have gotten this good!
207	Chandler	 I did. (Looks at his still deformed hand) But it came at a price.
208	Monica	 But Ben is coming over tonight and he can’t see this.
209	Chandler	 Oh come on, by age seven kids have already seen orgies. (They both look at him.) Was it just me?!
210	[Scene	 N.Y.U, Ross’s new class, he is entering out of breath.]
211	Ross	 Yeah!!!! Yes, I made it! I’m on time! (Grabs a bottle of water from a student, takes a drink, and splashes some on his face like the marathon runners do.) Okay, why don’t we all uh, (Exhales loudly) open our books to page 23. Where… (Exhales again) Where you will see…a uh…a bunch of uh…red spots. Okay, (Closes his book.) umm, why don’t, why don’t you all start to read, while I—(Passes out and collapses.)
212	[Scene	 A Restaurant, Joey is on his hot date and they’re not speaking right now.]
213	Joey's Date	 Hey. Are you all right? You seem a little distracted.
214	Joey	 No-no! I’m fine. It’s just… Hey, can I ask you something? Have you ever looked at someone that you’ve known for a while and then suddenly…suddenly see them a different way?
215	Joey's Date	 You mean like from behind?
216	Joey	 Yeah. Yeah, that…that’s exactly it. You’re right. Yeah.
217	Joey's Date	 Ew, y’know what? One time I saw this guy from behind and he seemed like a totally normal guy and then he turned around and it was Stephan Baldwin!
218	Joey	 (deadpan) Ooh! Yeah. So yeah, so you know exactly what I’m talking about.
219	Joey's Date	 Totally! Wow! (Pause) Would you excuse me for a sec?
220	Joey	 Oh yeah, sure. (She gets up, walks towards the bathroom, and Joey watches her go.) Ehhh.
221	[Scene	 Monica and Chandler's, now it’s Phoebe’s turn to erase Chandler from the board.]
222	Monica	 Oh my God Phoebe, you’re on fire!
223	Phoebe	 I know!
224	Chandler	 One more score to go! You can do it! (Touches her shoulder.)
225	Phoebe	 Don’t touch me!!
226	Monica	 Don’t touch her!!
227	Chandler	 All right! Go left! Go left! Go right!! Go right!!
228	Phoebe	 I can’t!! I can’t!! (She dies.) Noooooooo!!!!!!! You son of a bitch!!!!!
229		(At this point a stream of obscenities burst forth from Phoebe’s mouth just in time for Ben and Ross to enter and hear most of it, and in slow motion Ross tries to shield his innocent son from Phoebe’s vulgarity.)
230	Ross	 Phoebe!!
231	Phoebe	 Oh hi Ben—No!! Don’t look at the machine! (Covers the screen.)
232	[Scene	 Joey and Rachel's, Rachel is watching Cujo while Joey returns from his date scaring Rachel.]
233	Rachel	 Oh God! Thank God you’re home! I’m watching Cujo.
234	Joey	 (incredulous) Alone?!
235	Rachel	 Yes! But what is wrong with this dog?!
236	Joey	 Hey, did you get to the part where they’re trapped in the car and Cujo’s throwin’ himself at the windshield?
237	Rachel	 No! No! Seriously, what’s wrong with the dog?! Wait a minute, what are you doing home so early? What happened to your date?
238	Joey	 Oh uh, it didn’t work out.
239	Rachel	 Oh. Do you want to watch the rest of the movie with me?
240	Joey	 Oh uh, okay. Yeah.
241	Rachel	 Y’know, I never thought I’d say this about a movie, but I really hope this dog dies. (Joey brings over a stool at sits on it next to Rachel who’s in the big chair.) What are you doing over there? Come sit here, you protect me.
242	Joey	 Oh sure, yeah, why not? (Sits on the arm of the chair.)
243	Rachel	 Okay. (Pushes play.) Okay, that’s him! That’s him! That’s Cujo! That’s Cujo!
244	Joey	 All right, I know! I know. Yeah, it’ll be okay.
245	Rachel	 Oh my God….What’s he gonna do now? I can’t watch! (Drags Joey closer to her and cowers into his chest.) Oh. Seriously, how can you watch this? Aren’t you scared?
246	Joey	 Terrified. (But for a totally different reason.)
247		Closing Credits
248	[Scene	 N.Y.U, Ross’s new class, this time he’s actually about to do a lecture.]
249	Ross	 So is everybody here? I got here a little early myself. Let us begin. Now, the hydrosaurids have been unearthed in two main locations. (He moves to the map and we see why he made it to class on time, he’s wearing in-line skates and hasn’t taken them off.) Here. (Points to the map, somewhere in the Middle East, then spins on the skates and points to the map.) Here. (China.) Now as for the hydrosaurs…
250		(He tries to move in front of the class, only goes out of control and rolls into the hall, catching himself on the doorway with his pointer. He then pulls himself back into the room with the pointer, only he jams one end of it between the door frame and the door and breaks the pointer in half.)
251		End
