1	WRITTEN BY 	 Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen
2	[Scene	 Ross is in central perk Phoebe comes in]
3	Phoebe	 oh hey Ross oh I'm so glad someone's here could you zip me up?
4	Ross	 sure.
5	Phoebe	 thank you can you believe no one between my apartment and here offered to do that for me.
6	Ross	 people (shakes head, they sit) so why you all dressed up.
7	Phoebe	 oh umm Mike's picking me up for a date.
8	Ross	 oh yea now um how is that going, is it getting serious?
9	Phoebe	 oh I dunno I dunno, you know I mean I like him but am I ready to take my grade a loins off the meat market.
10	Ross	 you know I really admire your whole dating attitude, it's so healthy I'm always like is this moving to fast? Is this moving to slow? Where's this going?
11	Phoebe	 yea you know you are a bit of a drama queen.
12	Ross	 but you, your so much better off you just go from guy to guy having fun and never worrying that it terns into anything serious.
13	Phoebe	 I wouldn't say never, you know there's that guy (pause) well what about (pause) ok well there's gotta be someone.
14	Ross	 There isn't that's what I'm saying. (All happy)
15	Phoebe	 Oh my god you're right.
16	Ross	 I know and yet here you are all ready for the next date.
17	Phoebe	 I can't believe I never realized this before, I'm in my thirty's and never been in a long-term relationship oh my god (starts crying) what's wrong with me.
18	Ross	 no, no, no there's nothing wrong with you I mean you don't strike me as the type of person that wants to get married anyway.
19	Phoebe	 I wanna get married (grabs a tissue)
20	Ross	 please don't cry because of me Pheebs I don't know what I'm talking about, I've been divorced three times.
21	Phoebe	 least you've been married, OH MY GOD! I wanna trade lives with Ross (cries more)
22	Mike	 Phoebe (comes in smiling then sees Phoebe crying) what's wrong?
23	Phoebe	 nothing, I'm excited about our date, Mike this is Ross Geller this is Mike Haaaaa (starts crying)
24	Ross	 I'm sorry I didn't catch.
25	Mike	 its Mike Hanagen
26	Ross	 Oh Ross Geller
27	Mike	 Hey, so are you sure your ready to go.
28	Phoebe	 uh huh (terns to Ross) how do I look (all her make up has gone everywhere)
29	Ross	 do you have a compact in your purse?
30	Phoebe	 (goes to cry) No
31	Ross	 you look great. Opening Credits
32	[Scene	 Monica enters central perk]
33	Monica	 hey Joey
34	Joey	 Hey, this girl won't turn around and I can't tell whether she's hot or not, what do you think?
35	Monica	 Joey I am not going to objectify woman with you (looks at the woman) but if her face is as nice as her ass woah mamma.
36	Joey	 Alright thanks, Oh hey have you talked to Chandler?
37	Monica	 yeah he has to stay in Tulsa this weekend
38	Joey	 how come?
39	Monica	 he has to work, there's some rush on the big (pause, thinks) ah damn it one of these days I'm really gonna have to start listening when he talks about his job.
40	Joey	 oh why don't you fly out there and surprise him.
41	Monica	 maybe I will go (thinks) yea will have a second honeymoon at the Tulsa Ramada.
42	Joey	 oh and you know what you should bring the black see-through teddy with the attached garters. (Nods)
43	Monica	 how do you know I have one of those?
44	Joey	 didn't till just now.
45		(Monica goes to the back and Joey looks at the girl)
46	Joey	 hot not hot (she turns around) Hot!
47	Hayley	 excuse me?
48	Joey	 I said I think you're hot and now I'm embarrassed.
49	Hayley	 oh I thought you said Hi.
50	Joey	 that would've been better, I'll try that Hi I'm Joey.
51	Hayley	 I'm Hayley.
52	Joey	 look I don't usually ask out women that I meet in coffeehouses
53	Gunther	 HA!
54	Joey	 (turns round) gesundheit
55	Hayley	 I would love to go out with you.
56	Joey	 really, great, did I actually ask you?
57	Hayley	 no that's just where you were going I just figured that I'd help you out, you don't seem like the kind of guy that does this very a lot.
58	Gunther	 HA!
59	Joey	 (turns round again) seriously Gunther you should see someone about that cold, if it gets much worse you could DIE! (Gunther looks scared)
60	[Scene	 Ross is at Phoebe's]
61	Ross	 so how'd the date go?
62	Phoebe	 well it was awful every time I thought about what you said I started crying.
63	Ross	 So he hasn't called?
64	Phoebe	 would you call this girl? (Puts on a crying act) thanks-fo-r-a-love-ly-even-ing
65	Ross	 now I feel terrible this is all my fault.
66	Phoebe	 well you not what you should feel terrible about, this could have been my serious guy he was sweet and smart and funny. Do you know how hard it is to meet a guy like that?
67	Ross	 We are a rare breed.
68	[Scene	 Joey is back at Hayley's Apartment]
69	Hayley	 what a great dinner.
70	Joey	 yeah and hey thanks again for letting me having that last piece of cake at the restaurant.
71	Hayley	 (laughs) your welcome again, I'm gonna make some coffee can I get you anything?
72	Joey	 do you have any cake?
73		(Hayley laughs and goes into the kitchen thinking it's a joke, Joey doesn't see what's so funny about it)
74		>>> Joey's Subconscious So this is going pretty good. dinner was nice, got a lot in common. (Sees a magazine) Victoria's secret huh we even like the same books. (Walks over to a painting on the wall) Oh now there's a scary painting. wait a minute I think I've been scared by that painting before. (Looks around) You know what this whole place look familiar I have definitely been in this apartment I know I've seen this weird plant before (it's a cactus and he touch's it) OUCH! It did that the last time. Oh my god, I've gone out with this girl before yeah we had sex on this couch and then on that chair and no. no we didn't do it hear which is weird because it seems like a perfectly good place.
75	Joey	 (bends down to see and the cactus pricks him in the ass) OUCH! That's why.
76	[Scene	 Ross goes to see Mike to explain about Phoebe]
77	Ross	 (He knocks at the door, Mike opens it) Hey Mike sorry to just drop by like this, can I come in?
78	Mike	 Sure (looks confused) who are you?
79	Ross	 I'm Ross, Phoebe's friend from the coffeehouse.
80	Mike	 Oh.
81	Ross	 yeah I really, really need to talk to you about something.
82	Mike	 Ok, unless you're not gonna try to get me to join a cult are you?
83	Ross	 (laughs) No
84	Mike	 oh it's just you have that look (shuts the front door)
85	Ross	 Damn super cuts!
86	Mike	 what's up is Phoebe ok?
87	Ross	 oh no yeah, no Phoebe is great, but umm I'm an idiot look right before you guys went out I accidentally got her all upset.
88	Mike	 that's why she was weird.
89	Ross	 yes, yeah I said something stupid about her never having had a serious relationship, but you should know she is so much fun, a wonderful person please don't blow her off.
90	Mike	 I'm not blowing her off, I actually just got off the phone with her, were going out tomorrow night, I mean I hope that's ok with you stranger from the coffee house.
91	Ross	 well then I didn't need to bother you or the four other Mike Hanagen's I bothered.
92	Mike	 hey wait wait wait wait wait! Is that true what you said Phoebe's never had a serious relationship?
93	Ross	 of course she has. if she'd never had a serious relationship I'd go round broadcasting it like some unstoppable moron.
94	Mike	 but you did say it
95	Ross	 yes, yes I did. and I will also say what I'm about to say Vis-à-vis the following Phoebe has never had a serious relationship since her. super-serious relationship with. Vicrum.
96	Mike	 Vicrum?
97	Ross	 WHAT THAT'S A REAL NAME!
98	[Scene	 Chandler arrives home from work]
99	Chandler	 (enters singing) Oklahoma where the wind comes sweeping down the plane, STOP IT! Why couldn't they have sent me to Texas? 7 o clock maybe I'll hit the gym (sits down) who am I kidding pay-per-view porn.
100		-Cuts to Monica (She's just arrived outside his room she fixes a bent photo hanging on the wall then sprays mint in her mouth and enter)
101	Chandler	 DO NOT DISTURB DO NOT DISTURB! Monica (smiles)
102	Monica	 is everything all right?
103	Chandler	 everything's great, just watching some regular television there, what a pleasant surprise. (She hugs him, and she knows what he was doing so she looks at the TV and sees sharks swimming around thinking Chandler was giving himself a treat to sharks.)
104	Monica	 I'm gonna go freshen up ok
105	Chandler	 Ok honey. that was close.
106		-Cut to Rachel (Phone ringing)
107	Rachel	 Hello
108	Monica	 Hey Rach its me ok I just got the Chandler's room and I caught him molesting himself.
109	Rachel	 Oh that couldn't have been pretty. but you know guys do that.
110	Monica	 yea well the weird part is... he was getting off to a shark attack show!
111	Rachel	 Nooooooooo!
112	Monica	 Yes! Chandler Watches Shark Porn! Commercial Break
113	[Scene	 Rachel is at Monica's, talking about Chandler & him watching "Shark Porn"]
114	Rachel	 well watching sharks? Are you sure that's what he was doing?
115	Monica	 do you know how many times I've seen him jump up like that, believe me I know what he was doing.
116	Rachel	 man sharks. I always knew there was something weird about that dude. But you promised to love him no matter what.
117	Monica	 what means if he gets like a disease or kills someone. not if he gets his jollys to jaws!
118	Rachel	 Ah! You know what honey guys are just different, they like things that we can't understand, you know I once dated this guy who wanted to pretend he was an archeologist and I was a naughty cave woman that he unfroze from a block of ice.
119	Monica	 Eww are you talking about my bother.
120	Rachel	 yeah I didn't disguise that very well did I.
121	Joey	 (enters) Hey
122	Rachel	 (sits down) Hi
123	Joey	 listen to this... I went out with this girl last night and half way through our date I realized I already slept with her.
124		(Monica makes a strange face and sits down)
125	Rachel	 so basically you've slept with all the woman in New York and now you're just going around again.
126	Joey	 well that's not even the weird part. I don't think she remembered sleeping with me.
127	Monica	 But you don't remember sleeping with her.
128	Joey	 yeah but she should remember sleeping with me I am very memorable, you guys know.
129	Rachel	 what, how do we know, we never slept with you.
130	Joey	 and who's fault is that.
131	Monica	 what's the big deal, you forgot, she forgot, maybe you were having an off night
132	Joey	 HEY! I never have an off night ok although sometimes when I'm a little bloated I don't feel very sexy BUT EVEN THEN I'M BETTER THEN MOST!
133	Monica	 Honey why don't you just let it go and ask her out again.
134	Rachel	 yeah your both so slutty you don't even remember who you've slept with, you're made for each other.
135	Joey	 Interesting. all right I'll go out with her again and try to get past it (reaches for the chips) OH SALT BLOATY!
136	Monica	 Joey, Joey.
137	Joey	 What?
138	Monica	 you don't think sharks are sexy do you?
139	Joey	 No. (Pause) wait a minute what was the little mermaid?
140		(Monica just looks at him, and Rachel wants to laugh)
141	[Scene	 Phoebe's at her apartment waiting for Mike Ross comes over]
142	Phoebe	 It's open.
143	Ross	 Hey!
144	Phoebe	 HEY! Mike called were going out again! YAY! YAY! (She dances around with happiness)
145	Ross	 YAY! (He continues the happiness with her by dancing around) quick thing, I went to talk to Mike.
146	Phoebe	 What? Wha-wha-wha-did you do ROSS!
147	Ross	 oh boy you got mad at that part. I went over there to tell him how great you are but you know me BLAH, BLAH, BLAH, and I ended up telling him that.
148	Phoebe	 WHAT!
149	Ross	 umm. that you had a six year long relationship with a guy named Vicrum.
150	Phoebe	 WHAT! WHY?
151	Ross	 well he seemed to bum hard that you'd never been in a serious relationship.
152	Phoebe	 (Walks towards Ross) If you hadn't just had a baby with my best friend I swear to Lucifer a rabid dog would be feasting on your danglers RIGHT NOW!
153	Ross	 well Phoebe, I think you'll feel better when you know a little bit about Vicrum, His a Kite designer (He makes a wow face) and he used to date Oprah. (He makes another wow face)
154	Phoebe	 I'm not going along with some lie you made Ross, No I'm just gonna be honest with him.
155	Ross	 Good yeah just be honest with him.
156	Phoebe	 yeah I've nothing to be ashamed of ok so I haven't been in a relationship that lasted longer then a month. Ok I haven't had a real boyfriend you know if he can't handle that he can leave. which he will and that's ok. so I'll just be alone forever you know alright I'll be. it'll be fine. it'll be fine. I'll go walking tours with widows and lesbians. Oh (takes a deep breath and sits down, knock on the door)
157	Ross	 I'll get it
158	Phoebe	 ok
159	Mike	 (Ross opens the door) You know I'm trying to think of the last time I opened a door and you weren't there, Phoebe are you ok? (She has her hands over her mouth)
160	Phoebe	 Uh huh yeah (stands up) there's just something umm, there's something you should know (Pause) Vicrum just called.
161	[Scene	 Joey is back at Hayley's place after there date]
162	Hayley	 so it was kind of a shock after 25 years of marriage my parents, a perfect couple getting divorced, I kinda took it the hardest cause I was the youngest.
163	Joey	 Uh huh, sure, yeah. How can you not remember me?
164	Hayley	 What?
165	Joey	 How could you not remember that we slept together?
166	Hayley	 What! When?
167	Joey	 I dunno!
168	Hayley	 I really, really think I would remember sleeping with you
169	Joey	 come on, come on, search your brain all right. it was (thinks) a certain amount of time ago, I was here you were here, we had sex (starts pointing out the places) here, here, here NOT there. Anything?
170	Hayley	 no it's not ringing any bells.
171	Joey	 my god woman! How many people do you have to had been with not to remember any of this?
172	Hayley's roommate	 Hey Hayley you've really gotta fix that doorknob. Joey!
173	Joey	 Ooooooooooh, I slept with you! And you obviously remember me Hey! I still got it. (Turns back to Hayley) so were good. (She just glares at him) I'll let myself out.
174	[Scene	 Phoebe is sitting with Mike, explaining about Vicrum]
175	Phoebe	 .and I said Vicrum you can't just call every time you get lonely you know, you, you gave up that right when you slept with Rachel.
176	Mike	 But Rachel I thought she just had a baby with Ross
177	Phoebe	 yeah well (pause) yeah you know Emma's birth certificate might say Geller but her eyes say Mookurgee.
178	Mike	 that is so wrong and on top of that his a glue sniffer.
179	Phoebe	 I know but he call's and my heart goes to him. You know that bastard is one smooth talking free lance kite designer.
180	Mike	 I just think there's somebody better out there for you, (pause) I mean I'm not saying me but. maybe me.
181	Phoebe	 Oh.
182	Mike	 and you don't have to worry about glue sniffing with me. although I do smell the occasional magic marker, yeah ah anyway I just think I can make you happy.
183	Phoebe	 ok I can't do this.
184	Mike	 what's wrong?
185	Phoebe	 well there is no Vicrum, Ross made him up because I never really have been in a long-term relationship, I've never lived with a guy, and I've never even celebrated an anniversary so. (Pause) if that's too weird for you and you wanna leave I totally understand. In fact I'll close my eye's make it less awkward (She sits with her eyes closed and Mike kisses her, Phoebe opens her eyes and like a little child says.) You kissed me.
186	Mike	 uh huh
187	Phoebe	 so you don't think I'm a total freak
188	Mike	 No. well look can I think your weird and also cool for telling me the truth and also wanna kiss you.
189	Phoebe	 I guess so, can I. can I think it's cool that you kiss me and also wanna kiss you again (they get closer to kiss and Phoebe pulls back) and umm, be a little concerned about the magic markers.
190	Mike	 Definitely
191	Ross	 (They kiss and the phone rings and machine picks it up, its Ross putting on an accent pretending to be Vicrum) This is Vicrum.
192	[Scene	 Chandler arrives home and Monica's got a video of Sharks ready for Chandler]
193	Chandler	 Hi honey I'm home!
194	Monica	 Hi, how was your flight? (She hugs him)
195	Chandler	 oh it was great.
196	Monica	 Here why don't you sit down, get yourself comfortable because I. (Monica shows him the tape then puts it in) have a little surprise for you.
197	Chandler	 well, well, well it must be five in Tulsa because it's six o clock IN NYC!
198	Monica	 Ok (sits down next to him) This is how much I love you. (She presses play then puts her arm around Chandler's neck.)
199	Chandler	 (Chandler looking confused) Honey why am I watching a bunch of sharks swimming around.
200	Monica	 Is this not the good part? Do you want me to fast forward to something a little toothier.
201	Chandler	 no I'm not quite sure you got the right movie that's all.
202	Monica	 Oh well this is the only one they had at our video store, but they did have something called crocodile killers. Or does it always have to be sharks?
203	Chandler	 does what always have to be sharks.
204	Monica	 Honey look we can do something else, do you want me to get into the tub and thrash.
205	Chandler	 What's going on?
206	Monica	 sweetie it's ok, I still love you, let me be a part of this.
207	Chandler	 let ME be a part of this!
208	Monica	 I saw what you were doing in Tulsa. angry sharks turn you on!
209	Chandler	 no they don't
210	Monica	 then why were you watching them and giving YOURSELF a treat.
211	Chandler	 OH MY GOD! When you came in I switched the channel, I was just watching regular porn
212	Monica	 really?
213	Chandler	 yeah just some good old fashion girl on girl American action.
214	Monica	 I cannot tell you how happy that makes me! (They hug)
215	Chandler	 You are an amazing wife. (Monica shrugs) No really you're amazing you were actually gonna do this for me, I mean where do you find the strength and understanding over something like that.
216	Monica	 I'm very, very drunk right now.
217		(They hug, Scene fades to black)
218	[Scene	 Phoebe is in central-perk with Joey telling him what Ross said to her at the beginning]
219	Joey	 (looks at a girl walk in) see ordinarily I would talk to her, but my confidence is shaken did I sleep with her? Did I not sleep with her?
220	Phoebe	 you know maybe this is a wake up call, about your whole dating attitude. Your in your thirty's and you've never had a serious relationship and you have never been in a long term relationship, here you go from woman to woman, meaningless experience to meaningless experience never even worrying that it doesn't tern into anything serious.
221	Joey	 your right! I love my life! (He gets up to go and speak to the girl and he turns back and sits down) I actually did sleep with her. end
